1:barryswallows Merkel would never say NO
1:PostApocalypticHero Expect more and more women to be asking .. "why are men no longer interested in me"! We're not going touch you until you pull our pants down!
0:californiamojo Groping people in public wasn't already illegal? What's up with that, Deutschland?
1:MikeSte Merkel, possible the only person in charge who is worse than what we have. Obama is trying his hardest though to get to Merkel's level. "A 21-year-old Iraqi man was convicted of sexual assault and given a one-year suspended sentence. A 26-year-old Algerian man was convicted of abetting a sexual assault and attempted assault, and given the same sentence." Sounds exactly like how Obama is trying to let all of the black people in this country get away with everything. 
1:scientist They know very well, no means NO! They need to pass a law making it legal to castrate those animals.
1:AllaGranovskaya look like merkel just want to get laid
1:ElCampeador " but criticized two measures in the bill that could see people who aren't directly involved in the assault punished and foreigners deported for sexual harassment" Sounds like some German Legislators have the same mental disease the Democrats and Republicans who opposed Kate's Law had. Deporting people who are not citizens for acting like savages - how cruel!! (sarcasm)
0:JoeSnow She said "GO", not "NO" ~ ~ Slime ball Lawyers everywhere.
1:woetothegutless So, how many sexual assaults would there be if Muslims were burned in ovens?
1:4armshiver @woetothegutless Probably a lot less. What's your point?
1:Kenyantraitor In true liberal fashion, an ordinance that no means no, was passed. That will end all rapes by muslimes in Fatherland. 
1:4armshiver The Russians raped millions of German women and children at the end of WWII. Now the German people have to contend with this bunch of savages? How pathetic is it that a country has to cow-tow to a hoard of uncivilized migrants. Take your country back Germany. 
1:JoeSnow @4armshiver Great, now lets have a talk with Africa.
1:TheNutz Imagine that, Muslims are the problem...?
0:EdLowery A one-year suspended sentence? Wow. That's really harsh.
0:DAB123 Even though the woman was lying about the whole thing....LOL
0:Danica70 @DAB123 You mean all 50?
1:justthetruthnobodywantstohear This will work great, just like the bracelets they handed out that said don't touch me. Liebrals will never learn. hahahahahahaha
1:Adler Just say "No." Yeah that'll stop those nasty rapists, especially the Muslims. 
1:quickfix How does one say "NO" in Arabic ?
1:ShadowSapper @quickfix No idea, but an M16A4 will translate any language into Arabic.
1:davidfair @quickfix GLOCK 
1:TLinTN @quickfix Women aren't allowed to say "NO" in arab countries.
1:Retiredfooll @quickfix 7.62 x 39 mm
1:jdcxyz1964 @quickfix I think it sounds the same as an M4 bolt chambering a round. 
0:haruzuse My Lilly Esin once in a blue moon got a new choice of the crop Chevrolet Corvette Stingray Coupe by unavailable off of a laptop... Flash it out.
0:Nevergofullliberal That's it pass more laws, you know cause paper and ink prevents crime.
0:cdgoldin @Nevergofullliberal Ignorant troll. No one said the new law will prevent crime, just that it will make it easier to prosecute criminals --- which is a good thing. 
1:12345abcde no habla deutch.... No means white chicks want you more in Arabic mongrelland German politicians that approved of the refugee invaders are responsible for each and every crime committed by these mongrels! German citizens should kick all politicians and refugee invaders OUT!.
1:Catholica @12345abcde German citizens elected Merkel, who LOVES Muslims - and until German citizens take their country back, they are responsible for what happens.
0:Retiredfool @Catholica @12345abcde is she related to BroBama ?
0:Bunnysmind when no doesn't work...it is advisable to have some way to protect yourself
1:retiredhal @Bunnysmind How about very sharp, steel tipped shoes. Give the sand monkey several hard kicks in the groin and it will know the meaning of "NEIN" !
1:Legalimmigrant8 @retiredhal @Bunnysmind don't think so because these muzzieazzholes are battle-hardened, decades of being kicked by sheep and goats made them numb
1:JoeSnow @Bunnysmind A really sharp knife and it will only happen once ...............
0:Arizonasage Germany, another of those wonderful liberal socialist countries where citizens can't carry guns...
1:Arizonasage Imagine that, Muslims are the problem...?
0:reallynoway1 Merkels legacy. soon to come to your city.
1:Lurch47 @reallynoway1 We're armed, Rufus!
0:SSBN738G Do you really need a law to establish that no means no? Apparently so. Humanity has reached a sad state.
0:12345abcde @SSBN738G STUPID Politicians seeking relevancy to the stupid sheeple!
0:cdgoldin @SSBN738G Learn to read. Previous law required a victim to put up a physical struggle before the rapist could be prosecuted.. The new law only requires her to say "no".
0:fdjohnson @cdgoldin @SSBN738G So if they are alone who has to prove it was said?
0:fdjohnson @SSBN738G Government is the impossibility of reason........... Platoon
1:Catholica The Germans invited this filth into their once-great nation by electing Merkel -- and handed law and order over to the EU bureaucrats in Brussels. Now they are too timid to take their country back. 
1:lje51 Until the whole world recognizes Islam for what it is, HATE SPEECH, this type of barbarism will only go on. The Muslims feel it is their right to obey only the laws that they agree with. Sexist attitudes against women are a core belief of Islam. 
1:cdgoldin @lje51 If Islam was only hate speech, they wouldn't be a problem, just an annoyance. Unfortunately Islam preaches, teaches, demands, applauds and rewards violent behavior. That is much worse than speech.
1:MortisDei If it's not written in Sharia law (and it's NOT) then they (Muslims) ultimately won't care.
0:cdgoldin @MortisDei It's a shame that you have no idea what you are talking about. 
0:Mimic1968 Why are liberals always against deporting foreign criminals? They must support their crimes, I guess.
0:Catholica @Mimic1968 Liberal elites -- insulated from these crimes -- don't care if we get hurt, just so they can feel all tolerant and all.
0:cdgoldin @Mimic1968 Liberals are always pandering for votes from criminals. 
1:PolarizedBeyondBelief The only thing musIims understand clearly is a good azzkicking.
1:RustySchackleford The law wasnt the problem, its the rapist members of a peaceful religion.
0:YogiCS neuter rapists
0:TWashington1960 @YogiCS Yes please.
0:okcbabe @YogiCS That includes Bill Clinton and Bill Cosby!
1:FredDBear The Germans better realize real quick that you can't put a "no means no" law in sharia law.
1:childhoodsend How about "Just say no more muslims" ?
1:lydiasdad You can expel the Muslims too. That's the problem. They don't care about your laws.
1:dirkshomebiz Of course no means no. But not to a mooh-slum. Germany allowed these terrorist into their country, now live with it. 
0:retiredhal @dirkshomebiz I get the impression that the German people really didn't have much of a say in it. Just another of example of Merkel/Obama progressivness.
0:Catholica @retiredhal @dirkshomebiz No say? They elected Merkel, in large numbers.
0:okcbabe @dirkshomebiz No the people didn't the LOUSY LEADER DID, just like ODUMBO IS DOING HERE!
1:MothraSaveUs There is no law that will civilize the uncivilized.
0:TrumpsBigMouth @MothraSaveUs So Americans will never improve then..
0:FredDBear @MothraSaveUs This law will work: God made everyone, Samuel Colt made them all equal.
0:Adler @FredDBear @MothraSaveUs Except in Germany, where Colt, Browning, Luger, et al. are not allowed to practice their function.
0:chuck0011 @MothraSaveUs Yes there is, it's called capital punishment.
1:liberalstupidity The problem was never the law or lack of a law, it was the immigrants the politicians let into the country. 
1:holygrailer @liberalstupidity And its the reason-one of them anyway that some Muzlim countries do not even allow one of these scumbags into their country. NOT ONE! They knew what would happen with these uncivilized animals and what they would do and they did exactly that to the women -young girls- and even have raped men. They should never be allowed out of their sand boxes.
1:ChucklesM That just isn't going to work. How many different languages do German women need to learn to say "no" in? I'd assume Arabic would be a key one.
1:GoReaganGo @ChucklesM hot high speed lead is an international language
0:holygrailer @GoReaganGo @ChucklesM They should allow the German women weapons to protect themselves.
0:ChucklesM Or......fathers, brothers, cousins of the women should protect them. How about that?
0:Artitu @ChucklesM Sounds like Islam...a woman cannot leave her house unless accompanied by a male relative.
1:ChucklesM Then let them get raped. I don't really care. Go near one of the women in my family though. Different story.
0:retiredhal @Artitu @ChucklesM If in an Islamic country the raped woman is considered to have dishonored her family and subject to beatings by her family if not subjected to an "honor killing".
0:holygrailer @ChucklesM Add to that....if they do protect the women--there should be no prosecution for them for what they do to these scumbags.
1:marshee This is a religion that condones the treating of women as chattel. You let them into your country. What did you expect??
1:AlexanderHamilton76 Saying "no" does not stop rapists. Keeping droves of men with "raping" mentality out of the country and arming people for self defense will help curb the rapes. 
1:PhilKel You can make all the laws you want. They won't control savages. You can dress an animal up like a man; it doesn't make it a man.
0:GoReaganGo @PhilKel See NFL
1:gilshuttlecok if u have a job...do it right. they are in demand now and we don't need blackasses acting like monkeys. GIT ur ACT TOGETHER.
0:warvetru "No" should have always meant no. Just enforce laws and stop procrastinating and avoiding doing your job !!
0:Sooreborn And this is the vaunted "European Society" America's liberals want us to emulate?
0:GoReaganGo @Sooreborn Feel the bern
0:michaelmousediscus @GoReaganGo Bernie can feel himself, thank you.
0:TWashington1960 @michaelmousediscus @GoReaganGoBernie doesn't remember where it is..
0:46and2 "On Thursday, a local court in Cologne handed down the first conviction for a sexual offense on New Year's Eve. A 21-year-old Iraqi man was convicted of sexual assault and given a one-year suspended sentence. A 26-year-old Algerian man was convicted of abetting a sexual assault and attempted assault, and given the same sentence." That is some aggressive sentencing there, I am absolutely certain that will deter such behavior from them in the future.
1:GoReaganGo @46and2 This would be a very reasonable sentence if it had one caveat, namely, boiling these subhuman scumbags in pig blood.
0:thinkforyourself46 It's about time! Good lord!
1:GoReaganGo Instead of passing these silly laws, just get rid of the sand knee grows
0:jalanopi @GoReaganGo ???
0:GoReaganGo @jalanopi we need to dig him up
0:LordLayton Merkel let these slugs in for the sake of 'humanity' with zero vetting. How about protecting your own citizens for a change?
0:46and2 @LordLayton Merkel is a human failure in every sense.
1:gilshuttlecok In the US, gun control is not the answer...BLACK control is the ANSWER.
0:AlexanderHamilton76 @gilshuttlecok Too things I hate the most. Hoplophobes and Racists. 
0:lydiasdad @AlexanderHamilton76 @gilshuttlecok "Too?". Better add grammar checkers to your list.
0:DrBig @AlexanderHamilton76 @gilshuttlecok what's a hoplophobe? someone that hates bunnies?
0:retiredhal @gilshuttlecok I am all for gun control - use both hands, aim center mass, squeeze slowly.
1:SoVaVet Another civilized country being destroyed by brown invaders.
1:Catholica Hundreds of women were raped and molested in the New Year's Eve travesty. And only ONE conviction so far? This only became a problem when Germany opened its borders to hordes of women-hating Muslims.
0:prodigal2 @Catholica And he was given a one year, suspended sentence. Hardly a deterrent.
1:TWashington1960 @prodigal2 @Catholica Hard to punish a people that view women as their toys. Their religion allows this. 
1:DavidHartwell @TWashington1960 It's not a religion. It's a cult of hate, death and destruction.
1:TWashington1960 @DavidHartwell @TWashington1960 Agreed
1:dharwin first immigrate them, then seduce them and then get them into acts where they dont want to hear NO. And then get them to jail if they are not submissive.
0:SwimTurtle nice, but it doesn't help these women who were physically assaulted. 
1:Catholica The great German nation brought this on itself. And its citizens pay the price for letting barbarians in unchecked.
0:alf5 @Catholica Why do they keep Merkel in office. The woman is a disaster for Germany. She knows nothing and does everything to hurt her country
0:PlutoIsAPlanet @alf5 @Catholica She sounds like Hillary.
0:retiredhal @PlutoIsAPlanet @alf5 @Catholica And Oblama
0:Thatnamestaken @alf5 @Catholica but barry loves her...
1:Oldfitter Let me wrap my mind around this. A woman was raped by two men and a video shows her saying no and now she's on trial?? Yeah, we need European style justice here in America. And let me venture a guess. The opposition to the change that will allow deportation of these savages is the liberal wing of the equivalent to our own Democratic Party.
0:DoofusDimocrap @Oldfitter In this case, the liberal wing you're referring to is in Brussels.
0:LordLayton @Oldfitter And people wonder why England voted FOR Brexit? 
0:toric hasent no been on the books forever
0:upchuckliberals @toric But it has never been defined. /sarc
0:holygrailer @upchuckliberals @toric depends on what the meaning of "is" - 'is".
0:retiredhal @toric Huh???
