1:LiberalsHateWomenAndBlacks so madame wookie wants to play too
0:UROKIM2 Epitomy of arrogance and sef-righteousness whose inner circles are Valerie Jarrett and bill Ayers, Rv Wright.....Ho w dare she sit in judgement..how dare she sit in the white house and verbally degrade it! Where's your political correctness now? Time to move out Michelle!
1:nonlowinfovoter Michele Tarzans calling 
1:hoosyer We have never had a spoiled, thankless, America-hating THING for a First Lady before this wicked witch.
0:vigilanteman @hoosyer Except Nancy Reagan.
1:johnsellers Deneen, how can you betray your black brothers and sisters? The First Lady channels Martin Luther King and you dare to sit there and deride her? What kind of person are you? You have the look of a mature beautiful young lady, but then you say the words that you do under the guise of religion with that religious symbol around your neck when clearly you do not take the words of the Sermon in the Mound to heart. I'm only White and I evidently know better than you about what you should know deeper than I can ever know. How much money is in your pocket from taking advantage of the selling out of your race? Those on the Conservative Right who don't embrace the light of day take great pleasure in your defection, and those of your race who are in poverty and lack opportunity because of the prejudice against them should haunt your dreams at night. And if you have an honest bone in your body. You will be haunted until the day you become honest with yourself about what you are doing. Shame on you! Grow up!
0:PigB0y @johnsellers You took a lot of time to say nothing.
0:hoosyer @johnsellers If Michelle is 'channeling' MLK then I want to change the channel. Never has he been cited as an excuse to base everything on skin color. AS SHE DOES.
1:debbie741 Michelle is lying...Trump sad he wants to build a wall to keep the illegals out and he wants to deport the illegals currently in the US...he never said he wanted to deport those that are here legally. The Democrats need the illegals here to vote for them!! 
1:debbie741 Michelle is lying...Trump sad he wants to build a wall to keep the illegals out and he wants to deport the illegals currently in the US...he never said he wanted to deport those that are here legally. The Democrats need the illegals here to vote for them!! 
1:KSK8 Name Calling?... Poor little PC cupcakes... Can't bring themselves to mention Radical Islam Terrorist. 
0:Ranger1004 and Hilary is innocent and says none of that.....NOT! Michelle, shut your pie hole no cares what you think. Go redecorate something
1:thgdriver Moochelle Nobama takes swipe at Trump it sez. Trump better look out, apes have a long reach.
0:disabledsoldier @thgdriver Racist much?
0:PigB0y @disabledsoldier @thgdriver just callin' a spade, a spade. oops
1:voodkokk "She also said Americans “don't build up walls to keep people out because we know that our greatness has always depended on contributions from people who were born elsewhere but sought out this country and made it their home." Does she consider herself American or African-American or just African.....Was it not Michelle that said “People in this country are ready for change and hungry for a different kind of politics and … for the first time in my adult life I am proud of my country because it feels like hope is finally making a comeback.” Really? After benefiting from being a minority? 
0:Jackumup2 Its funny how he bloviates about others not accepting him and anybody else thats frakish, yet doesn't he's doing the same thing
0:whoknew2 @Jackumup2 and progs never do anything hypocritical. Guess it takes a hypocrite to know one.
0:JNY This country has been paying for your families elaborate trips, while 1 in 6 children here in the United States go to bed hungry each nite..... millions of dollars spent (TAXPAYER MONEY) ON VACATIONS and all we hear is INCOME Equality..... that is a complete joke..... WAKE UP AMERICA..... 
0:DAlnB41 @JNY My entire family including me, my wife, my kids and grandkids entire wardrobes could not be valued at $20,000.00- the amount the Obama girls paid for their individual party dresses. Many in America are "waking up" and are fed up with a government that works harder at seeing the wealthy get theirs while tens of millions of American men and women are out of work, while many who were at one time productive workers with homes for their families, families who participated in community and school activities and were working to achieve the American Dream has been pushed aside to allow immigrants, legal and illegal, to come here and work! Obama and his administration has turned their backs on the American people and America! Obama is quick to point our how many new jobs were created in America but ; he never points out how many were lost, how many of the jobs filled were filled with immigrant workers (his own Labor Department says 3 out of four jobs in America is being taken by immigrants (legal and illegal) or how many men and women who at one time had jobs have run out of unemployment benefits, can not get work and are no longer counted in the "Official" Unemployment numbers. He does not point out the massive, huge, and growing national debt that the nation has grown under his administration. Could it be Obama's endorsement of Hillary Clinton was done so history will have someone else to show as the worst president in our history? She has one of American politics worst personal records already; electing her president will end in disaster and Obama will no longer have to face the reputation of Americas Greatest Presidential failure and the books showing him as the worst president in our history! confussed "He's a fraud" "He's a thin skinned Fake" What lets delete that! 
0:bulldawg22 I am sorry..did she actually say this...The first lady on Friday also said some people “act as if name-calling is an acceptable substitute for thoughtful debate, as if anger and intolerance should be our default state rather than the optimism and openness that have always been the engine of our progress." Isn't President Obama the one that circumvents Congress whenever he wants to because they don't agree with him and he just signs an Executive Order that have on several occasions violated the Constitution?? If that isn't hypocritical I don't know what is....
1:barryg When that water buffalo and her "hateful eight" POS husband vacate the WH, we can be proud of America again!
1:wtimm25457 @barryg I spent 19 months in Vietnam I never saw a water buffalo that ugly. Former marine RVN 9-67 to 3-69 1st Amtrak @ Cau Viet & 2/9 Camp Carroll & Quang Tri
1:hoosyer @barryg Water buffalo, LOL, Perfect.
1:sonnymunster I bet the transvestites are elated that Michelle and her girls will never have to share a locker room or bathroom with them.
1:deejohnson Does anyone care about anything about what she cares???? Diversity? How about TRASHY!!!
0:TRIP65 Trump " What's Michele's dress size for a going away party, 18, 20, 22. My wife wears a 6, end of discussions!"
1:jerseyjoe First "Lady"? I beg to differ. That's no lady.
0:StupidJoeBiden I will miss Michelle Obama- ski when she leaves the White House... NOT !!!!
0:Ad007man She really needs to explain how she got a high paying job with the U of Chicago Hospital when her husband became Senator, for which she had no qualifications. She really helped the poor--her job was to send them to other hospitals so the U of Chicago Hospital did not have to pay for their care. Good job Michelle. I hope you are packing.
0:Allthefactsplez @Ad007man it's called a No Work Contract, which is big bucks going to a person that has a free ride....NWCS are very popular in Chicago, some others call NWCS....money laundering. 
1:hoosyer @Ad007man And her job was so important that when she left, they did not put anyone else in it. I wish I could get so much free money for being black.
0:viper731 She should had taken at least one against her husband for being the worst president in U.S. history
0:Maverick1986 well she should add that not only slaves built the white house. An irish born immigrant was the architect, with a team of free men (african and european), with some slaves. If we are being honest. 
0:hoosyer @Maverick1986 You are being honest. She is not.
0:byaks pot calling kettle black...
0:robthomasusasf Do the Democrats plan on drafting her for the nomination if Bizaro, I mean Hillary is indited? They seem to really like putting her out to the public.
0:jonesalloys ONLY SHE IS BETTER OFF.......FOR THE LAST 7.5 YEARS.........
0:HoosierMom92 If she believes what she says, she should publicly condemn the "anger and intolerance" liberals inflicted on Trump supporters in San Jose, CA. But, we all know she will not.
1:WhitWhitneyWhite That silver back NEVER looks good 
0:saminnj After eight years she finally comes out of the woodwork? She should stick to screwing up school lunches for the little kids.
1:lettermansinc Monkey face... man she is scary. 
1:WhitWhitneyWhite @lettermansinc I want a Bumper Sticker with mooch-elles face stating does this A55 make my truck look fat?
0:hockeyfan13 Just curious...why do or should we care what she has to say?
0:puhleeze @hockeyfan13 'Good question...
1:Koby1000 Michelle, the lady,who got a free ride all her life because of her color, but wasn't n proud to be an American until her husband got elected President, isn't qualified to judge Trump.
1:steveieray Spoken like a true Wookie.
1:Hedbut @steveieray Is it me or does she also look like "The Grinch Who Stole Christmas?" 
0:MyOwnWoman Here's the thing, for me, on immigration. It's like having company at your home. Guests arrive at your front door, they knock, you let them in. Maybe you offer them a beverage, have a nice chat. If those same people broke into your home, damaged your home, and treated you like garbage, you would defend your home. You would not invite them back. For over 200 years, we have had guests come to our American front door. We've invited them in, helped them get settled, made them part of our great American Family. That's who we are. But the criminals who insist on breaking down the back door to get in illegally, and then expect the rest of us to just say it's OK, are just not welcome. Go to the front door, knock, and we'll let you in. Otherwise, go home.
0:Hedbut @MyOwnWoman Well written, outstanding , please forward to Trump ad let him use it. 
1:brando5 At least trump has a wife that is easy on the eyes, MOOCHELL makes is so hard to look at.. just hideously ugly..
0:puhleeze @brando5 Oh, come on. Pathetically uncalled for / inappropriate.
0:brando5 @puhleeze @brando5 Sorry - just playing the game of Politics Liberals developed, and I guess I hit a nerve, called the truth?
0:puhleeze @brando5 @puhleeze My point was she can't help the genetic "cards" she was dealt any more than you or I (or anyone else) can. Carve her up on her totally B.S. liberalbeliefs. THOSE she can be held responsible for/criticized for legitimately...
1:puhleeze "She also said Americans “don't build up walls to keep people out..." We DON'T. We build "walls" to keep illegal - illegal - illegal aliens out. The woman is a completely CLUELESS, pro-illegal immigration, leftyTOOL.
0:jshanks @puhleeze She lives behind a wall guarded by guys with guns, and lectures the rest of us.
0:puhleeze @jshanks @puhleeze Yeeeeup. (Actually, it's a fence, isn't it?)
0:WhatAreYouTalkingAbout This is at a college commencement speech? So rather than making the day about them, it was about Trump? Inappropriate....and tacky.
0:RRemington The Obamas have no shame. Shouldn't she be providing advice to those who are about to start their new lives? Instead, she is just trying to further the democrat agenda.
1:loarthanvt Woman doesn't know here place.
0:rrawmeat @loarthanvt If you ever see her interact with Barack...she definitely wears the pants
1:WhitWhitneyWhite @rrawmeat @loarthanvt and a strap on
1:JDWebb1 Jesus, can she not really find her way to the back of the bus again?
0:puliy Obama did not show any dignity when he was the commencement speaker at the Rutgers University in NJ: such guests are traditionally eminent citizens and are expected to tell the new graduates to work hard, with sincerity and integrity in their jobs in order to have a successful career. Instead, he took the opportunity to criticize and attack Trump. The first lady is doing the same thing now at another commencement proving that their meanness has only worsened after nearly eight years in the highest and most powerful office of the nation. What a shame and tragedy?
0:johnsellers It seems that you and some others prefer to give graduates fluff instead of what is actually going on. Considering how many don't bother enough with what is real to dump Trump...what more is there to be said? Except we would be a lot better off doing more sorting out of what is real, especially graduates.
0:Tom2685 Donald Trump supporters - maketheunitedstatesgreatagain.com has a Trump style hat in Republican Red for every US State! Get yours today, shipping from east coast, USA. Listed vendor to Trump Campaign. Hat of the day - MAKE WASHINGTON GREAT AGAIN #nobama #Trump2016 #MAGA
0:cleric66 Question? Hasn't any other First Lady taken swipes at their opponent Party's presidential candidates? For goodness sake, this is a College Commencement speech show just a little class Michele. This again reveals her lack of grace and integrity as our nation's First Lady. 
1:harrisonzayre @cleric66 The First Lady Man is just a little bit ticked off at The Donald because if he is elected, his wife will be 1 million times more celebrated than was Michael. He/she is green with envy. Don't doubt me!
1:obamahusein michele obama came out from Kitchen??Is beter to stay there and take brother Trumpet with her!!!
0:OSYM She gives a commencement speech at a college that has a 9.6% 4 year graduation rate. Well done.
0:rdennisuk @OSYM I think that is probably one more commencement speech than you have given
0:Joe Methuen @rdennisuk @OSYM OSYM's comment is relevant. Yours is not.
0:brando5 @rdennisuk @OSYM and 1 more then you have ever heard
1:harrisonzayre @OSYM Well, you have to understand that black students can't be expected to understand things about American culture. Because they are from Africa and they don't speak the language. Also, slavery has kept them down, has shut them out, and has left them wholly unable to compete with others in society. And if you're buying this, be sure and let me know how to contact you so that I can show you some prime oceanfront property that I have available on the cheap in downtown Memphis Tennessee. You can have your choice of Atlantic or Pacific Ocean.
0:sk5360 @harrisonzayre @OSYM dont forget the 20 TRILLION DOLLARS SPENT ON THE SOCIAL PROGRAMS ,SUPPOSE TO HELP THE DOWNTRODDEN BUT WENT TO LINE THE POCKET OF THOSE IN WASHINGTON.
0:Felioness First of all she was only tapped to give a commencement speech because she was lucky enough to be married to the man who was not qualified to be POTUS, but was voted in anyway, twice. Either people who come to the US undercover illegally are breaking the law or not. Which is it Michelle? If they aren't criminals then why have immigration laws at all? At your suggestion of a wall being built to keep "different" people out, whey don't we just do away with the entire immigration dept. and save money and let everyone in that wants to come. The catch will be that they will be dumped in your new tony D.C. neighborhood, living next to you, going to school with your daughters, and coming over for coffee each morning. Then maybe you can be proud for the second time in your life of America. January 2017 can't come soon enough, bon voyage baby!
0:Kenneth851 The reason Trump supporters have such anger is the result of Michells husband.. 
0:suesman @Kenneth851 How much does the U.S. owe China ? That's HIS results. I'd keep my mouth shut if I were you.
0:brando5 @suesman @Kenneth851 4 Trillion, not including 300,000 Million in interest per year..
1:DarrenHorst This is what democrats have given us all through " affirmative Action" . A bunch of socialist libertards.. Minorities now hold more positions of power than the majority. What could possibly go wrong ?? (sarc)
0:Veracitywins This family is the worst to ever reside in the White House. Have they no shame? Obama who refused to apologize to Pearl Harbor victims apologizes to the country that killed them. What a most reprehensible act.
1:Dunsy I hear that this dude Michelle plows Bong hit Barry on a nightly basis
0:PureUSA Truly unbelievable that a sitting president, and his wife, are taking shots at a nominee!! Yet another disgraceful action by our JV president. What a joke....
0:moralesmd Married to the worst president in history of this country , she really should take a look around the WH and see how Oblunder the wonder has divided this country.
1:Tea4health Horse tooth jungle creaturrrrre!!
1:marco Moooooochel ought to be wiping not swiping her own $
1:Noosic That gutter trash has a lot of crust taking a swipe at anyone.
1:HollyWright She needs to focus on WIPING not SWIPING. 
1:Duckyy No, get it right. It's not Michelle, but in reality MICHAEL Obama. She is a he. 
1:marco @Duckyy Is that the reason buckwheat pass the lgbt bill with the help of the other gay scotus for his dude.
1:puliy @Duckyy So the transgender bathroom idea came to Obama from "experience" at home?
1:harrisonzayre @puliy @Duckyy When you don't know whether to stand or sit then you might not know where to take a… Dump!
0:brando5 @Duckyy Makes sense now, I wondered why they always were on separate planes, the same person can't fly together..
1:drtimal No one cares what that race baiting ugly dude in a dress has to say.
0:tiggerhare She is just as bad, if not worse than her husband. Good riddance to them both!
1:wulfeman007 She also said Americans “don't build up walls to keep people out because we know that our greatness has always depended on contributions from people who were born elsewhere but sought out this country and made it their home." SAYS THE OBIMBO THAT LIVES BEHIND WALLS AND ARMED GUARDS On Wednesday, her husband, President Obama, also entered the 2016 debate in a speech in Indiana, saying the “Republican nominee” has “crazy” ideas, including one to deport the roughly 11 million immigrants now living illegally in the United States. DEPORT EM ALL THEY ARE CRIMINALS THEY ARE NOT IMMIGRANTS THEY ARE CRIMINALS 
0:Max567 Kind of sad that this show never has anything relevant to say. It's more like Joan Rivers critique of people she don't lie .... without the comedy. That's all these people do is critize people who they clearly just don't like. Somehow, I think I could find more relevant things to put on TV.
0:veteran_john Secret Service officer assigned to the White House during Bill Clinton’s presidency alleges that presumptive 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton “lacks the integrity and temperament to serve in the office.
1:Spyderia I firmly believe Michelle Obama is a man. Honestly...
1:wulfeman007 @Spyderia BARRACK INSANE OBAMA HAS ALREADY HAD HIS NUTS CUT FOR HIS TRANSFORMATION AFTER HE LEAVES OFFICE 
1:drtimal @Spyderia You are firlmy Correct ! 
1:Spyderia Michelle Obama is a MAN. Everyone knows that.
0:Bernstein @Spyderia No. Only YOU and your Right Wing friends want us to believe that.
0:harrisonzayre @Bernstein @Spyderia Will
0:jerseyan Your level of hate is without boundary...im positive that, even if you have 9 lives, you would have died 9 times from an heart failure before your wish comes true. your cynical argumebt leaves me cold !
0:Morrisbm94 These comments are insane. A lot of you have severely missed the point of her comment and used it as an excuse to just be hateful. Watch the video and see the context in which she made the statement.
1:mamahattheridge blacks Love being victims.
0:Bernstein @mamahattheridge After victimizing them for more than 300 years (and continue to victimize them) what do you expect?
1:wulfeman007 @Bernstein @mamahattheridge THE AFRICAN BLACKS HAVE BEEN VICTIMS OF BLACKS FOR LONGER THEN THAT THE BLACKS SOLD THE BLACKS AS SLAVES THE PEOPLE HERE NOW HAVE NEVER BEEN SLAVES OR VICTIMS 
0:Heatermacdaddy She was not a slave, nor does she know any. All races have been mistreated or enslaved at some point in history. I am of Irish descent but I don't obsess about the English rule. I also have Cherokee blood, but I rarely think about how they were treated. Move on and stop using this as a political card. The President has no documented slaves in his family.
0:prissy7 My only wish for them is one day they lose everything they have and have to live in a tent like most of Americans has to do thanks to his wonderful economy and open borders, I don't know how they can hold their head high and look Americans in the face.
0:jerseyan @prissy7 Your level of hate for these people is without boundaries ..with this level of HATE, im sure, that even if you have 9 lives, you would die from a heart failure 9 times before your wish come true
0:jerseyan @prissy7 You will die from a heart attack before ths happens
0:harrisonzayre @jerseyan @prissy7 Sister Cleo?? Is that you?
0:WhitWhitneyWhite @harrisonzayre @jerseyan @prissy7 cleo should have SEEN this coming
0:dt63944 How impressive. She marries someone who occupies and degrades the office of President and she thinks her spiteful character is suddenly empowered. Someone else did all the work to give her that moocher pulpit. There are a lot of people who have earned their place in the world; she went from cherrypicking patients in a Chicago hospital at a salary far above her worth, to this. No hate-speech from her, especially in a setting she didn't earn, is going to change what she is.
0:Tpartypatriot101 There are simple facts that most normal people do not wake up every morning remembering. I am Slavic; I don't wake up every morning realizing my predecessors were slaves. This was perhaps one of the most divisive statements she has uttered, especially after 7 1/2 years of opportunities to make hope and change. Obama and Michelle have been utter failures, now leaving this Country in worldwide disarray with multiple enemies on several new fronts!
1:LiberalsHateWomenAndBlacks @Tpartypatriot101 Lithuanian here...with a g-grandmum enslaved by the czar to teach their soon to be dead kids and a 10% Cherokee that predated the Trail of Tears and Irish and Scottish and maybe even some Jew...but that might just be the inherited nose yet every day we are all regarded as slave owners that need to murderedf by the racist liberal Nazis
0:rabcor The first lady falls not far from her husband
0:BeauCharles Don't suppose she watched the attacks on Trump rally attendees in San Jose by the mob of Hillary and Bernie supporters.
0:lestar @BeauCharles life is all about her. so she didn't give it a glance 
0:dt63944 @lestar @BeauCharles Her life is all about her. Her "husband's" life is all about his. What a pair.
0:connpolitics @BeauCharles Sure she did and she was cheering for the rioters
1:wulfeman007 @connpolitics @BeauCharles SHE WAS HOPING SOME WHITE COP GOT KILLED
0:MarshallGibson I wonder if Egyptian Africans wake up everyday obsessed by the fact that Hebrew slaves built the Pyramids?? Somebody should stage some protests over there. Throw some eggs, maybe. Maybe Israel can press Egypt for reparations. It's only been about 4 thousand years.
0:rabcor @MarshallGibson No. They will protest commemorating the Jews leaving Egypt.
1:MarshallGibson @rabcor @MarshallGibson I don't know why the Obummers aren't all over that one. You know, being 'African' and all.
1:dawndale If she doesn't like living in a house "built by slaves" then she should move out. The hypocrisy that fills the life of Obama and his wife is too great for either of them to throw darts at anyone else. Does she allow their daughters to use the same bathroom as the males use? Of course not, and not just because they are daughters of the president. She would not allow it but they don't care about the daughters of families. If Mrs. Obama was smart, she would stop pointing fingers at others.
0:dt63944 @dawndale Then she'll be pointing fingers at everyone for a very long time.
0:MarshallGibson Quote of The Day; "Protests and racism weren't on the front page every day 8 years ago"
0:Archangeljack Her time might be better spent packing.
0:PaleRider55 @Archangeljack ...not as much as you think since Hillary will be moving in...
0:howard123 @PaleRider55 @Archangeljack ... to prison.
1:wulfeman007 @howard123 @PaleRider55 @Archangeljack OBAMA WILL BE HER CELLMATE AFTER HE HAS THE OPERATION 
0:PurelyRational While Barack is rapidly going gray and looking tired, Michelle and the girls just keep getting more attractive.
1:connpolitics @PurelyRational Time for a vision check Mooch is looking more like Aunt Esther every day
0:wulfeman007 @PurelyRational U NEED A VISION CHECK U MUST HAVE CATARACTS 
0:Thethirdeye Trump is clearly getting to the dems Don't worry moochel Trump will never sexually harass you when he gets in the white house But watch out for billy. He might
0:PaleRider55 @Thethirdeye ...no but Trump's daughter better watch out...forTrump....
1:chickabalter F THIS RACIST USELESS BEAST
0:Bernstein @chickabalter Funny when white racists who have a long history of lynching, abusing, and murdering Black people call Black people racist.
1:WhitWhitneyWhite @Bernstein @chickabalter You have never been a slave and I have never owed one !
1:EhBuggh Remember this tramp is part of the most TRANSPARENT administration EVER !!! Maybe she can play the "race card" again ???? 
1:EhBuggh More proof that the democRATS know they're in trouble.. Hey Moochelle keep you pie hole shut !!!!!
0:storm46 I visit this thread once in a while and see that the CONs have nothing but to call names and continue to roll in their gutter. I would think that the CONs would grow up someday, but that is only wishful thinking.
0:PurelyRational @storm46 But to be fair, when your long suits are hatred, racism, and vitriol, you play them...over and over over again.
0:elfonshelf @storm46 hard to have respect for someone who in a multi 6 figure a year job in an Chicago hospital....was on the committee that worked on a poor patient dumping scheme.
0:PurelyRational @elfonshelf @storm46 Did you notice that you cited no sources for that silly comment? We did.
0:elfonshelf @PurelyRational @elfonshelf @storm46did you notice that you have a toolbar and the world is open for you to educate yourself...if you can type? go look it up.
0:PurelyRational @elfonshelf Oh, no need to apologize. But you started this, after all. You made the comment, so it's up to you to support it. This was covered in 8th grade debate class. Anything else I can help you with today?
0:Jaded4u @PurelyRational @elfonshelf @storm46You're welcome. Let me know if you need more examples.
0:dt63944 @PurelyRational @elfonshelf @storm46"We"? LOL
0:elfonshelf @storm46 and storm....try and recall how the left name called and rolled in the gutter...as you say.....over Palin. so democrat women deserve respect....why?
0:dt63944 @storm46 Read the topic in question before you blame others for reacting - or is that too much work?
0:PaleRider55 LOL...Not only are you all going to get Hillary...you're going to get Bill too...
0:MarshallGibson @PaleRider55 Great. A President who was impeached. Maybe his wife can set a new record by getting impeached also. "The Dynamic Duo"
1:Loring4evr First Lady ?? Are you serious ?? Looks like a retired linebacker of the NFL....
1:indios Nothing but bitter words from the Skunk-ape. No surprise there.
0:vcdave Sigh. She's not much of a First Lady is she?
0:AvantAurora @vcdave Nope. More of an embarrassment than anything.
0:PurelyRational @vcdave But we will agree she's not as vacuous as Nancy Reagan.
0:dt63944 @PurelyRational @vcdave I don't know what you are, but you'll obviously never be anywhere near as good a person as she was. Stop while you are behind.
