0:RuppertBaird Judge Napolitano, I must correct you on a talking point I just watched you state on Fox Extra. Your point that South Carolina should remove the Confederate Flag from the State House is wrong, and it surprises me that you failed to do the proper research. The state legislature removed the Confederate Flag from the State House on 1 July 2000. It was then placed BEHIND the Confederate War Memorial on State House grounds to honor the troops from SC who fought for the Confederacy, right where it belongs. In the future, PLEASE do your research before spouting off like a liberal.
0:SouthernConservativeVet The flag means different things to different people, especially people that do not live in the south and do not understand southerners or their heritage. I have no hate for any race, I try to avoid ticking off others by using racial comments in public just as I try to avoid cussing at the office. But don't understand how 13% of the population can tell the rest of us that we have to believe what they believe, and we cannot honor our ancestors who fought the North in the civil war by flying a flag on our private residence if we choose to. Two weeks ago I started flying both the American flag as well as the confederate battle flag daily. Don't like it, make your opinions known from the street, touch my flag and I'll defend my possessions as its attached to my house. Since I started flying it, 5 other neighbors have started flying theirs as well. All of which used to fly the American flag on flag day, holidays, and anytime it felt right to do so, now they all fly the Rebel flag(battle flag) as we feel we are under attack, not from minorities who live in the south, but once again from activists from the North, forcing their opinions and rules and regulations on us where they have no right to do so. I am rebelling against that in the easiest way I can, by flying a flag that I have displayed on my first car for 40 years, and flying the flag of my College, and the confederacy...regardless if it lost a war or not. The North cannot abolish southern values or heritage, even if they want to protest our government buildings, try it in the suburbs and see what type of response you get.
0:JimmyOlsen599 You lost me when you brought god into it.
0:fantasy225 I wish we had Napolitano on the US Supreme Court! Great article.
0:exgeei I wonder why the author did not stand up for the rights of those who support international hate groups such as islamic terrorist. Where does he stand on terrorist like ISIS recruiting via social media.
0:lenny13 No I couldn't even finish reading this because it is wrong at the base and it is wrong throughout.. You should really do some research on the different flags there are that are similar.
0:TrippFantastic The Stars and Bars is a symbol of souther heritage.
0:jeff236 Are they removing the Black Panthers colors or just the stars and bars.
0:EricPedersen The Left insists that Americans recognize racism today and acknowledge its stain on our history. We already do this daily, from private discussions to national conversations (Ferguson, Baltimore), motion pictures (12 Years a Slave, Selma), and even Black History Month. To that end, Democrats should stop flinging their Confederate flag onto the Grand Old Party. Instead, knock-kneed Republicans should steel themselves for once and demand that Democrats concede that they invented this intimidating standard and deployed it for more than a century to keep blacks down.
1:Ephod @EricPedersen The Flag did not keep blacks from being successful, they did it to themselves. They have more opporiturity than most white people today and its been over thirty years. Most blacks will never be successful, they do not have the drive to push forward, they want something for nothing.
0:EricPedersen Former governor Howard Dean (D., Vt.) told the Democratic National Committee in 2003 that “white folks in the South who drive pickup trucks with Confederate-flag decals on the back ought to be voting with us.” That November, Dean declared: “I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks.” Two years later, he became chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
0:MensLiberum @EricPedersen I think you've missed the point of his comments. "Missing the point" seems to be a common theme with you.
0:EricPedersen As a Democratic governor, Bill Clinton in 1987 signed Act 116, which concerned his state banner. It read: “The blue star above the word ‘ARKANSAS’ is to commemorate the Confederate States of America.”
0:EricPedersen Democratic activists General E. Lee adopted the flag as his national symbol in 1863
0:Rfloyd Who is E. Lee? Is he famous or something?
0:Ephod @Rfloyd Robert E Lee, confederated General, leader of the confederated army. Did you study history?
0:MensLiberum @Ephod @Rfloyd What he was pointing out...which evidently you were not bright enough to pick up on...is that the first poster missed the "Robert" in Robert E Lee.
0:ustruth @MensLiberum < an example of progressives making sure everyone is doing exactly what the left says is PC. GFY, I'm sure you understand very well what those letters mean, right gruber?
0:igaftr @ustruth @MensLiberum Not politically correct, just correct. There is no general E. Lee. Calling people names like "gruber", shows you are an immature child. Grow up.
0:MensLiberum I firmly support the right of Southerners, rednecks, Republicans, and other miscellaneous halfwits to fly the Confederate flag. I particularly support it and encourage it during election years. Please, fly the flag and let minority voters exactly what you think of them. Your help in encouraging these people to vote will be doing your country a tremendous service.
0:TheGrimlock1369 The Confederate Battle Flag to me represents to me the willingness to stand up to an obsessive Federal Government that enforces its will through violent force. No state ever surrendered its Sovereignty under the Unites States Constitution. During the Philadelphia debates that was one of the main issues. The states ONLY surrendered 18 power that the Federal Government of the newly formed REPUBLIC would have the power to enforce. Also didn't South Carolina have the oldest Constitution that predates the US Constitution. Now that basically means that the Confederate Battle Flag represents standing up to tyranny and oppression of a tyrannical government. The war for independence from British Oppression was fought for the same reason as the civil war. The civil war was not fought over slavery...it was fought over the belief that the federal government did not have the authority to dictate to the states...(minus a constitutional admin.) Slavery was wrong and terrible blight on our past. The Confederate Battle Flag is part of our history and our southern heritage.
0:Rolandw1 @TheGrimlock1369 The Federal Government violates the constitution left and right. Read the Judge's piece, "Imagine America without the Constitution" to see just a few clear examples. Our nation was intended to be one of numerous separate sovereign States, yielded limited authority to a central government for the purpose of patrolling the coasts for piracy, minting currency, and other things that a Federal government would be able to do more efficiently than all the States separately. Lincoln would undoubtedly role over in his grave if he would have seen how the Federal Government would have used the Civil War to strip states of their rights and powers… The Federal government just votes itself more power year after year.
0:jb20072 @TheGrimlock1369 Silly people with silly ideas - Yep that flag means something.
0:MensLiberum @TheGrimlock1369 That and slavery.
0:ustruth @MensLiberum Just flag this soros paid troll as spam. It's that time of month so emotions is all it has to operate on. Gruber
0:igaftr @ustruth @MensLiberum He is correct, and any that call anyone "gruber" is clearly a child. Grow up. If you have something to refute, refute it.
1:JohnnyPatriot14 None of these Liberals understand that Judge because they are the ones who infiltrate the Government. This is what happens when you let people in illegally, take people in from hostile to America areas and when you let people like Vallerie Jarrett, Barack Obama or Van Jones head departments that impact people. Liberal fantasy playing a dangerous game with reality....
0:CarpeNoctem Hispanic people = SC will take down its Confederate flag? That's a new one.
0:MensLiberum @JohnnyPatriot14 There you go thinking again. Please, leave it to people equipped and qualified to do it correctly.
0:FDR I say change the name of Fort Bragg (who was a traitor) to Fort Sherman as a reminder to all confederates. Don't make us burn down your cities again.
0:Rolandw1 On April 4, 1818, a plan was passed by Congress in which the flag was changed to have 20 stars, with a new star to be added when each new state was admitted, but the number of stripes would be reduced to 13 so as to honor the original colonies. ● 10 million+ Estimated number of Native Americans living in land that is now the United States when European explorers first arrived in the 15th century ● Less than 300,000 Estimated number of Native Americans living in the United States around 1900 4 Million Slaves in 1860 who granted had a bad 100+ years even after slavery "ended", or dropping a continents entire population to 0.3% of it's original number.... Maybe we should be more concerned with the atrocities done to the natives of America. Maybe they should be slightly more offended by the flag flying over the White House. Many people who love the constitution would prefer the Gadsen Flag (Don't Tread on Me) replace the old, clearly offensive, stars and bars design anyway. Hug an ancestor of a slave. Cry for an ancestor of an actual native of the continent we all strive to make a better home for all of us.
0:HoorahAmerica @Rolandw1 You do know the vikings come here before the asians crossed the land bridge right?
0:Rolandw1 @HoorahAmerica @Rolandw1 As much as 25% of the DNA of the North Eastern North American natives was European in origin. How many hundreds of years and what percentage of their DNA before they were considered native by you sir? Or are we all only native to Africa? 125,000 to 60,000 years isn't that long really is it...
0:igaftr @Rolandw1 @HoorahAmerica Genetics has proven that information to be outdated. I would suggest a Nova series called the First Ones. It will fill you in on the latest information we have gotten from genetics.
0:CynicalRant In the real world, God gives us freedom to suffer the consequences of our inappropriate words and deeds.
0:rmartin @CynicalRant God also gives us the freedom to bask in our words and deeds regardless of what others may think about them!
0:igaftr @rmartin @CynicalRant God is , as always, whatever you imagine it is.
0:Rolandw1 @CynicalRant So who's responsible for the incredible list of misdeeds done by our government? You? Me? Or is it that America is great because no one takes responsibility for any misdeeds... Well unless you can only afford a public defender.
1:igaftr @CynicalRant Mentioning "god" and the real world together is an oxymoron.
0:idahoron Confederate flag represents resistance to federal authority enforced by military aggression : That is where I have stood with the flag.
0:RobRoy99 @idahoron AMEN! But that doesn't serve Liberal propagandist agenda.
1:peprman All this diversity training everyone has had to go thru over these many years was supposed to fix the waty people felt about race. Yep quota laws would help.....political correctness was going to help.....I don't know all of them, but the results can be seen on news clips of Ferguson and Baltimore..............can't they?
0:RobRoy99 @peprman Another name for "diversity training" is to brow beat one group until you can create even more who didn't previously but now thoroughly hate you for eternally dissing them.
1:Xtian Your religion ends where my nose begins. If you want a caliphate as the basis for government move to Iran. Good riddance!
1:libertarianaz Isis is destroying all remnants of middle eastern heritage and religion that does not support sharia law. This is the left's equivalent action here in America
0:igaftr @libertarianaz Nonsense. Grow up.
0:ustruth @igaftr @libertarianaz < nonsense? please explain the difference, we're all waiting to hear you deliver an intelligent response........ still waiting......
0:winston12 Now we are fighting over a flag? Some Indians are against the American flag. Where does all this end?
0:RobRoy99 @winston12 True, more hate, more carnage, more destruction has been done under the Stars and Stripes than under the Confederate battle flag. Japenese incarcerated, and even some Germans. Native Americans wiped out almost, the rest placed on forced marches to rival the Bataan death march in WW2. Remember Trail of Tears and women giving birth or having miscarriages along the way, marched every day across hundreds of miles. Deliberately infected blankets with smallpox given to old men, women, children, in order to wage germ warfare against them. Deliberate bombing of civilian centers in Germany and Japan instead of only industrial targets. Thousands wiped out in a fiery holocaust in just 2 days in Hiroshima and Nagasaki using atomic weapons. Yes, if there's a flag that should be retired because it's displayed hate and excess of bloodshed it's the Stars and Stripes. When placed beside that record, the Stars and Bars comes off looking almost saintly.
0:igaftr @winston12 People in India are against the American flag?
0:USTallDude Foxxy is my kind a lady
0:49er so if FOX thinks racist hate speech should be protected why is FOX so up in arms about ISIS hate speech and should their flag be protected too?
0:canislupis Yes their flag should be protected Beheading people and pushing them.off buildings is not speech.
1:peprman @49er Obama has one.
0:valannin "The State has no business expressing opinions on anything, and it is required to protect ha te" At least he's consistent. Remember, Judge Napolitano is the one who, in an April 2015 O'Reilly interview, defended the AFDI who wanted to post advertisements caIIing for the kiIIing of Jews.
0:Rolandw1 @valannin FREEDOM is HILARIOUS to some. A necessity to others. Our forefathers believed in certain inalienable rights... Many of us do not laugh at people like you who would pursue perceived safety at the cost of our freedoms. We BELIEVE in the Bill of Rights.
0:igaftr @Rolandw1 @valannin There are no such things as inalienable rights.
0:azolfos There is NO entity in America that will ever oppress my 1st Amendment right which also includes any individual in government office. Obama, by ordering retail outlets to stop sales of a flag has become a domestic enemy of the 1st Amendment.
0:valannin @azolfos You think the President "ordered" five separate retailers to stop selling fIags? What a nutter.
1:peprman @valannin @azolfos He probably did, Muzzy
0:azolfos Obama is demanding the erasure of American history by funneling hate. The Nazis did exactly the same thing and over 6 million people died. Make no mistake, the Democratic national Communist agenda is to socialize America and oppress the Constitution.
0:justme33355 @azolfos YES, it is. Obama hates this country and our freedom and is intentionally destroying it.
0:Luke2128 @justme33355 @azolfos exactly.
0:igaftr @justme33355 @azolfos Why the lies?
0:ustruth @igaftr < why the ignorance?
0:idahoron @azolfos It sure looks that way
0:grocmax @azolfos 6 million? try 100 million. 30-40 million in USSR alone.
0:Luke2128 The confederate flag is the least of America's problems.
0:justme33355 @Luke2128 Right on.
0:Chipster66 The Washington Redskins are just happy the attention has moved on to rebel flag.
0:PaulPiper9 Hate gets a bad rap. We were given the ability to make judgements. I hate violence against the weak, I hate coffee, I hate House (Hugh Lorry is terrible.) Embrace your hate. You have a human right to it. The real hate is shutting down free speech
0:justme33355 @PaulPiper9 Oh, come on, he's not that bad.
0:flrlegal Funny, some people cannot see why Blacks are offended by the confederate flag. It just amazes me. The whole purpose of the confederacy and its constituiton was to allow the continued enslavement of Black people. No state could be apart of the confederacy unless they allowed the practice of slavery. If you do not believe that, then I strongly urge you to read both the US and confederate constitution. The whole purpose of the civil war was to continue the horrible act of slavery in the south. With that, I say now to take the rag down and put it in a museum.
0:br782 @flrlegal It's shocking how many people just argue it is southern pride. No it is not. You can be proud of where you are from without displaying a flag that reminds people of the horrible attrocities their ancestors lived through.
0:phillip barker @br782 @flrlegal If it was their ancestors that lived thru it, then they get to choose whether to acknowledge it or not. Why is it your business?
0:phillip barker @flrlegal The "whole purpose" was not slavery, and the vast majority of those who fought for the South did not own slaves. Many were ambivalent with respect to it. But, what drove the conflict most was the idea that the States were not subservient to the United States, and had a contractual right to withdraw from it. New York was the first to test this during the first "civil war" of 1812, when NY's legislature drafted articles of succession. Had the Brits decided to back off after burning D.C., NY and other Eastern States may have tried to leave the Union. The Southern States might have said "good riddance". The issue of the Confederacy certainly contained the ongoing issue of slavery, but its primary issue was "States rights", a battle that continues to this day.
0:br782 @phillip barker @flrlegal Whatever other issues were involved do not matter. In 2015 we remember it as slavery. So the confederate flag is now associated with slavery. That is why it must go.
0:LeeVT @br782 @phillip barker @flrlegal not we, you. That's what it means to you.
1:gcruse56 @br782 @phillip barker @flrlegal I will fly it from now on, I will not be a slave to the PC police.
0:mc6521 Treason is as treason does , pull down and burn that no good rebel flag. It's not a god given right to side with treason,freedom of speech is a Constitutional Right.....God did not sign the Constitution ,MEN signed that document in spite of both the Crown and the Church of England. You can have your so called divine right and your divine might our government has neither and never shall. It will always be obedient to the Citizens of the United States or else.
0:BelieversKnow @mc6521 Treason is as treason does, your right our goverment is full treason. Trying to give our enemy a nuke.
0:justme33355 @BelieversKnow @mc6521 Obama is a traitor and belongs in prision.
0:igaftr @justme33355 @BelieversKnow @mc6521 Bush first. He is an international war criminal.
0:phillip barker @mc6521 Try again after you sober up! Have you ever heard the term "inalienable rights"? When you are sober, tell us what you think it means.
0:Telesia2 @mc6521 : Son, I'm going to give you some words of advice. I'll ask you to heed them, please: LAY OFF THE CAFFIENE!.Any questions... don't ask 'em.
0:phillip barker @Telesia2 @mc6521 Ha! I like your response better than mine!
0:PaulPiper9 Incomprehensible, inaccurate and wacky.
0:Rolandw1 @mc6521 One minute you claim to believe in Freedom of Speech. The next you want to silence speech you do not agree with... IN THE SAME POST. Freedom of speech is about ALL speech being free. Not just the speech you like or agree with. Wow.
0:br782 I find it funny that people are talking about freedom of speech. Nobody said you can't fly a flag at home. They are just saying the state government shouldn't do it.
0:Buckeyesnumber1 @br782 So what are your thoughts on affirmative action?
0:br782 @Buckeyesnumber1 @br782 Not a huge fan - state by state issue.
0:Buckeyesnumber1 @br782 @Buckeyesnumber1 Me neither
0:CarpeNoctem Very few people are anymore.
0:DemocracyManifest Our government has three branches: Legislative, Executive, and Judicial. The First Amendment only talks about what Congress can do. There's nothing in the Constitution about the Executive or Judicial branch not limiting speech, and those branches do it routinely when it serves their interest. Stop perpetuating myths foxbots.
0:br782 @DemocracyManifest Very incorrect - the First Amendment applies to citizens - not any branch of Government.
0:DemocracyManifest @br782 @DemocracyManifest You need a refresher course.
0:br782 @DemocracyManifest @br782 And I think you need high school.
0:br782 @DemocracyManifest @br782 Not to mention there is no freedom of speech issue here at all
0:DemocracyManifest Freedom of speech is a myth. Few seem to understand that the First Amendment does not confer ANY absolute right of free speech. What it does is place a limit on the power of one branch of government to control speech, the legislative branch. And even that limit is more myth than reality.
0:br782 @DemocracyManifest That's not true. The First Amendment applies to all citizens. It does not apply to any branch of the Government.
0:canislupis Proof that American public schools need to teach civics.
0:Rolandw1 @DemocracyManifest "Congress shall make no law... abridging the freedom of speech..." I believe the other 2 branches to clearly be implied. Why don't you?
0:BelieversKnow You think that flag is terrible and it is. these politicians need to do something with the isis flag full of hate. they have taken thousand's of innocent lives in the last couple years. Under the isis flag they are killing as we speak. People stop thinking about yourselves and what happen a hundred years ago. Open your eyes and look at today. Pray for your brothers and sisters in Christ that our politicians will stop the genocide.
0:pop555 @BelieversKnow that flag is no more terrible than YOU are
0:BelieversKnow @pop555 @BelieversKnow how am I terrible huh
0:pop555 @BelieversKnow @pop555 I do know you talk like a nut job. nobody is flying isis flags here. you are in the wrong country
0:BelieversKnow @pop555 @BelieversKnow yes they are where you been
0:pop555 @BelieversKnow @pop555 I am right here and I don't see any. some of my neighbors fly the confederate flag though
0:BelieversKnow @pop555 @BelieversKnow it flying high here thats why Americans are joining Isis
0:BelieversKnow @pop555 @BelieversKnow now whos the nut job
0:justme33355 @pop555 @BelieversKnow You are wrong. Get educated and find out the truth. There have been people flying it. Very sick.
0:CarpeNoctem The ISIS flag isn't flying from any state Capitol buildings, is it?
0:phillip barker @CarpeNoctem Not yet! And, given Obama is a lame duck...we may be safe for a while
0:justme33355 @phillip barker @CarpeNoctem Don't count on it.
0:BelieversKnow @CarpeNoctem it flying high here thats why Americans are joining Isis
0:tessaprn @CarpeNoctem Keep traveling in this same direction and it will!
0:justme33355 @CarpeNoctem If Obama has his way, it WILL be flying from all 57 of them.
0:phillip barker @justme33355 @CarpeNoctem Too funny!!!!!
0:br782 @BelieversKnow Why can't we look at both issues?
0:BelieversKnow @br782 @BelieversKnow i do i just said both flags are terrible
0:DemocracyManifest Protecting hatred preserves hatred. GOP/FOX spin team must be commended for continually massaging narratives to suit their angle.
0:pop555 @DemocracyManifest You are falling in to communism and we will fight you . we will never give in to it
0:phillip barker @DemocracyManifest You miss the whole point, you "intellectual lightweight". Freedom is about protecting speech..whether or not YOU like what is being said!!
0:andylit @DemocracyManifest So, you object to the 1st Amendment?
0:pop555 @andylit @DemocracyManifest yes communists try to shut you up any way they can. the political correctness is the start of it
0:tessaprn @DemocracyManifest My angle is do not tread on me and I will not tread on you. Try to take my GOD given rights and you best bring a lot of back up!
0:justme33355 @DemocracyManifest We have freedom of speech. That means all speech, not just speech that you agree with.
0:BellatrixLestrange2 Remove the flag, everything Im not so sure about. I always enjoy Napolitano. He is usually spot on, and unbiased.
0:br782 As a white southerner - there is nothing wrong with southern pride. But we should not be flying a flag that reminds all African Americans that our relatives once owned their Great or Great Great grandparents Every time they see this flag they are reminded that white America used to own their relatives as property. Why on Earth should we keep perpetuating this??
0:GentleAnswer @br782 Good point.
0:delainey @br782 That's ridiculous.
0:br782 @delainey @br782 How on earth is that ridiculous?
0:CarpeNoctem She doesn't know.
0:delainey @br782 @delainey How can you know what is in another one's thoughts?
0:CarpeNoctem Ah, so you know he's right. Figures.
0:br782 @delainey @br782 So you would be ok with your government flying the flag of a group that kidnapped your grandmother and used her as a slave?
0:CarpeNoctem (not to mention a flag whose SOLE PURPOSE was as that of an enemy state)
0:br782 @CarpeNoctem Another good point.
0:tessaprn @CarpeNoctem Enemy state? Tells me you not only do not know your country's history you also are not up on why the states felt that they could secede.
1:delainey @br782 @delainey The USA has paid dearly and still does for that smudge in history, but these types of actions perpetuate racism, keeps it alive. I guess liberals are the true white apologists.
0:CarpeNoctem I agree. Flying a flag that symbolizes racism perpetuates racism. Time to take it down.
0:nemo007 @CarpeNoctem what flag is that? confederate flag never internationally promoted racism, slavery maybe but it also represents southern patriotism...
0:CarpeNoctem Yeah, you're right. The flag representing a people defending slavery in no way represents any racism. If you want to demonstrate your American patriotism in the south, FLY AN AMERICAN FLAG! Not the flag of an enemy state.
0:tessaprn @CarpeNoctem I am very proud of the America Flag. Maybe you need to learn some more about what occurred under this flag since the first day it was raised. You really should stop being so melodramatic, not becoming at all.
0:br782 @delainey @br782 Really? "Smudge in history." Kidnapping thousands and enslaving them is not a "smudge." I am southern and I have pride without ever having touched that racist flag. It is extremely hateful and should have been retired (well, it was before the civil rights movement) years ago.
0:tessaprn @br782 @delainey I'm not understanding this kidnapping point. Be real. Other countries took by force their own people and sold them for a coin. Stop attempting to portray this country as being the only one that participated in this evil trade.
1:justme33355 @tessaprn @br782 @delainey Yes, there are LOTS of countries that have been and are far worse. There are still lots of slaves in the ME and Africa.
1:RaySims @br728, See you don't have a clue, the grandmother was nabbed by her own people and sold to slave traders(not from America), the best were sold in S America, the scag was sold in America.
0:CarpeNoctem It's amazing to me that you all think the fact that some blacks owned slaves somehow makes it all ok. By the way; you were the last to know.
0:justme33355 @CarpeNoctem It is a fact that many blacks owned many slaves. That does not make it okay, but neither does it make white ownership any worse. There are still many blacks owning slaves today, just not here.
0:br782 @RaySims Your lack of knowledge is astounding.
0:tessaprn @br782 @delainey Kidnapped? How about that flag where the same grandmother could be lynched or kept from ordering and eating a hamburger next to a white person? Where does this end with removing of all things offensive?
0:justme33355 @tessaprn @br782 @delainey Liberals want to remove EVERYTHING that THEY do not agree with, including the Constitution.
0:andylit @br782 Did you miss the point of the article? This isn't about what we "should" do. It is about unlawfully restricting that which we have a right to do.
0:CarpeNoctem I must have missed the case where a state prevented an individual from flying a confederate flag on their own property.
0:BellatrixLestrange2 @CarpeNoctem Thats just people trying to spin it like its being ban.
0:CarpeNoctem Typical Fox.
