0:JohnStrange Maybe remove the "have you ever been convicted of a felony" question from rental and work applications and I bet that not only will more people stop getting government assistance, crime would also drop.
0:Sierra415 60% of people believe Sadam responsible for 9/11. People are stupid Or should I say poorly educated
1:idonvotedem @ Sierra415 Stop people who never paid into it from collecting it. That would be all the"immigrants" who come here just for social security and welfare, who have never, and will never pay into three system, never contribute anything this country,and never become citizens because they play the system. Socialist!
0:Sierra415 Are you a Native American?
0:Sierra415 Benefits are based on wages. No work, no social security. Dah
0:stepup53 @Sierra415 Not true. Spousal benefits.
0:Sierra415 Still based on earnings
0:Sierra415 If people help their old parents instead of Soc Sec. And Medicare we would have surplus
0:hball @Sierra415 they worked and were forced to pay into SS, what have welfare recipients contributed to except the DEBT
0:Sierra415 Socialism. And they spend way more than they put in.
0:hball @Sierra415 yes, they spend more than they put in but not only did they contribute to SS, they also PAID FEDERAL INCOME TAXES. You will never win this argument but keep making your assinine statements.
0:Sierra415 Our national debt is most all. Soc sec, Medicare, and defense. Look it up poorly educated
0:Sierra415 They pay taxes and by goods, pay rent and this is very little of the debt. Debt=sis sec , medicare, and defense
0:hball @Sierra415 blah blah blah, lame and uninformed just like any good little taker.
0:Sierra415 Facts bother you? And I got my first paycheck at 9 and worked all my life. Never received government check till Soc. sec.
0:rickwk @Sierra415 People flag this troll and it will go away
0:Sierra415 Truth hurts And go get a job
0:justusprevailcv Common sense is out...intellectuals is in....kcaraB amadO
0:RetVet2007 BRAVO!!! Able-bodies adults should have to work for benefits. POTUS Obama gave them a free ride, and asked nothing in return.
0:Thooper Not only should this happen in every state, how about: don't give anyone money. Just have central warehouses for the folks on welfare to pick up good healthy food and diet staples. Then they won't have food stamp fraud opportunities.
0:Sierra415 Yeah and get rid of Soc Sec. And Medicare. That the biggest expense
0:idonvotedem @Sierra415. I've paid into s.s. for over 37 years. If you want to get rid of it, just pay me back my money with15% interest, compounded quarterly over that time. I'll stop collecting. Socialist!
0:Sierra415 I paid in longer than that and the lock box is running out. It is a socialist insurance program. Do you like it?
0:Sierra415 15%? Lots of laughs
0:johnnonothing It is ironic that banning candy soda and snacks from the poor is punishment , when all of those things lead to ill health and a health burden in the billions among those able to buy their soda, candy, and snacks. I bet it cost more in the long run to pay for the problems created by this eating and "working" life style.
0:kmillerscats Too many people on the dole. Never before in US history have we had this many folks receiving some form of public assistance. With roughly half the population working and paying taxes this is unsustainable. This is democrat leadership for you.
0:johnnonothing @kmillerscats It depends on how you define public assistance, some consider letting homeowners write off their property tax as public assistance.
1:WiltonManors " after the requirements largely were suspended by the Obama administration." No wonder blacks vote democrat.
0:kmillerscats This it what happens in socialist societies. You become a government dependent. The government makes all the rules for you. You have no right to make decisions- you gave that right away when you took the welfare. No candy, cake, pie or soda for you.
0:Sierra415 I pay federal income taxes. So should DONALD
0:WiltonManors @Sierra415 Donald pays more in federal income taxes in one year than you will pay over your lifetime.
0:kmillerscats @WiltonManors @Sierra415 Donald pays more income tax in one month- than the silly liberal poster will pay in his/her/it's entire life time.
0:Sierra415 Paid 0 in two years we've seen. I don't believe he pays thus no income taxes releases
0:romags1303 I have to work if I want to eat, they can too. We need to provide the same service we provide to enlist personnel in the military, barracks, & food. If it's good enough for our soldiers, etc.
0:johnnonothing @romags1303 So you get food stamps, because you met the work requirement. Unless you are a saying you have a job that pays enough to buy your own food.
0:johnnonothing Who benefits from the work requirement? The businesses that hire people at a wage that is insufficient, but allows the person to get a subsidy from the State government. The business man is very happy. He can continue to pay less than a living wage with confidence the State will use tax payer money to feed his employees.
0:Sierra415 Walmart employees get food stamps and Medicaid
0:Sierra415 But the Walton family is broke
0:hball @Sierra415 maybe they should have gotten an education or learned a trade.
0:WiltonManors @johnnonothing There is no guarantee in America that you will be automatically paid a LIFESTYLE wage.
0:TheJesus No workee no foodie.
0:Sierra415 Thanks Jesus
0:JesseScott Oh boy, BLM type folks ain't gonna like this
1:obamasmom Maine followed the Kansas lead in 2014. In the first three months, the number of able-bodied adults without children on food stamps fell by almost 80 percent. Can Chimps read?.. I guess not... if chimps could read then policies would be changed.
0:Sierra415 Kansas is a financial disaster.
0:Justinsatiable @Sierra415 Oh, I'll bet Illinois, New York, and Cali are so much better off with their social/govt. programs?
0:johnnonothing When they talk about the work requirement for food stamps I always chuckle. I live in California and people with full time jobs qualify for food stamps here. I am not sure what is going on in Mississippi.
1:josephdavis One simple way to change the amount of people on foodstamps... switch back to the old food stamp coupons, get rid of the EBT. There used to be a certain guilt and shame associated with being on foodstamps (as there should be for an able-bodied person). Nowadays, to prevent people from having their feelings hurt, we give them EBT cards so that they can hide the fact that they're on the taxpayer dime.
1:barryhoosaine Liberals - we would love to hear the rationale for taxpayers providing sustenance and other expenses paid to people who are capable but unwilling to earn their own keep. Other than the guarantee that those slaves will continue to vote for democrats to keep the freebies flowing their way. Anybody? Bueller? Bueller?
1:obamasmom about 200 more days of the stinky chimp boy... He is leaving behind gaping wounds and 20 trillion in stinky chimp dept...
1:obamasmom The days of the Silver backs lying around in the streets is coming to an end... and the stinking chimp in the White House is going back up into the canopy...
0:MrRickyrivers @obamasmom if trump wins...............
0:dan690 The work requirement should have never been taken off.
1:joshisgems People coming here as "refugees" get SSI, Medicaid, TANF, food stamps etc. According to a friend at Catholic Family Services, they receive immediate cash of nearly $2000.00, housing subsidies etc. If you haven't read the Cloward-Piven strategy, you should. Obama's bringing in many thousands of these "refugees" to crash our welfare system.
1:Sierra415 Refugees, Cubans! Not illegals. Coward Priven is about 50 years old. Right wing propaganda
0:FrankieMoon Notice the Judge in the video just said "The burglar knows you cant throw him in jail for not paying restitution to the person they burglarized because that is Debtors Prison" Stop paying your child support and see if they wont throw you in prison for that! So debtors prison doesn't apply to FELONS but if your a dad down on your luck, YOU"RE GOING TO JAIL! That's how screwed up our justice system is.
1:Tapilado The President and Congress should work for the Money the Hard Working Taxpayers are giving them. Then get rid of Food Stamps, Welfare, Medicaid, Illegal Alien Aid, Refugee Aid and Foreign Country Aid.
0:stumped2 This is an atrocity! Wanting people to actually work for their handout? What's this world coming to?
0:joshisgems Alabama booted 32,000 out of the welfare system, because....gee....apparently working 20 hours a week or volunteering 6 hours a week is just too burdensome.
0:ghzsd I would eliminate welfare altogether in its current form.In it's place you show up at the welfare office at 6:00 am sharp. Some care for children at the daycare center, others are given tasks. For each hour worked, minimum wage is paid. Transportation driven by other welfare recipients is provided. Work training would be provided, also at 10 an hour. Bottom line is we need to get back to a world where folks do not get something without giving back.
0:JackBeHumbler As long as a single parent can count providing their own daycare as a job, I think this is a great idea.
0:RayzorRay @JackBeHumbler pathetic
0:bevnklaus @jackbhumbler ,Get real!
0:Sierra415 Trump using TELEPROMTER AGAIN
0:DoofusDimocrap @Sierra415 If if if ifif if if i fi fi fififififif - Barack
0:Sierra415 Most people on food stamps do work or they are elderly and disabled
1:kmillerscats @Sierra415 Not true. Millions of phony charlatans are receiving SSI for frivolous "diseases/disorders."
0:Sierra415 Not true. Very difficult to get SSI. Try it.
1:kmillerscats @Sierra415 The baby mamma is the chief recipient of food stamps.
1:joshisgems @Sierra415 No.....too many of them are single mothers with multiple kids by multiple baby daddies, milking the system for all it's worth. I know. I have several welfare queens as patients.
0:Sierra415 Offer family planning!
1:ConcernedCitizen93 @Sierra415 doesn't work, i can't even count the number of times i've heard people say they don't care if they get pregnant again or have another kid, that's just a pay raise to them.
0:Sierra415 Not my experience. With family planning the average Welfare family went from 4 to 2 kids.
1:ConcernedCitizen93 @Sierra415 all i'm saying is i physically hear that all the time. I don't really care if you believe it or not because it doesn't change the fact it is truth so i'm not going to argue the point with you. Also, I'm not saying that what you just said isn't true either but I'd be willing to bet that for every person who attends family planning sessions because they want to improve themselves there's 20 who have no desire to do so and just want to milk the system.
0:Sierra415 Welfare workers used to take family planning kits on home visits, refer for tubos, and well received. Then the religious nuts stopped that
0:bevnklaus @sierra415, LMAO! And you seriously believe that?
0:Sierra415 Yes. Dummie. Do some research
0:Justinsatiable @Sierra415 Oh, is that why the govt., who typically slants numbers in their favor, reports billions in fraud? Huh, where is the fraud coming from? Your adult toy purchases?
1:kmillerscats When I was a growing up, food stamps were for families that went through some kind of horrible disaster - usually widows who suddenly lost their husbands. Today food stamps are given out indiscriminately. Even illegals found ways to get free food- at tax payer's expense.
0:Sierra415 Never was that
0:RayzorRay @Sierra415 yeh okay! You're prob on welfare right now.
0:PelicanHead Put them to work cleaning the streets, getting rid of graffiti, improving landscaping.
0:GP Russell Wanna fix our crumbling roads? Put some of these people (those capable) to work.
0:Sierra415 It is a Dept. Of Agriculture program to move their products
0:PelicanHead Obama is out to make slaves of the working class which I presume is predominantly white.
0:GP Russell Should have been required all along.
0:mastersundholm Mabee some of these people need to eat out of garbage cans .like I did because they refused to give me food stamps because I was single
1:kmillerscats @mastersundholm You should find yourself a baby mamma or two......make a few out of wedlock babies....get custody of them. Then you can get some food stamps!
0:Michael S. @mastersundholm I got laid off from my job last December. I was making $87,000 a year and my wife only makes $32,000. I tried to go for unemployment in Pennsylvania and was declined because I made too much money. They seriously denied me unemployment because I made too much money at what was my previous job. They said I had to wait 3 months before I would qualify!!! I told them I have no income the day after my last day at work. They still did not care. Getting laid off in December is the worst month to get laid off in. Took me two months to find a job that is making what I was previously. Now because I could not qualify for unemployment I did pick up side jobs with a family member that did residential electrical work. Otherwise my bills would have defaulted.
0:Justinsatiable @Michael S. @mastersundholm Saddened by your testimonial. This is the unfortunate world created by this narcissist in office! The system is broke and helping only those he believes need help...
1:mastersundholm Just remember no trabjo no cervesa
1:USAFvoter Abolish the IRS & have a consumption tax - Freloaders and the 49% of us that actually work would pay the same. I would get behind that.
0:Sierra415 But then Trump would have to pay taxes
0:ghzsd @Sierra415 That sounds like a win win then right? Trump 2016 & 2020!!!
0:ConcernedCitizen93 @Sierra415 regardless of whatever taxes he may be able to avoid.......sales tax isn't one of them. Unless of course he is buying something in a state that doesn't have one.
1:USAFvoter I would bet Obama or Hillary would overide any attempt at drug testing and a work program. This is their voters. Only Trump can get us out of this mess right now. Thing is, you can only spend other people's money for so long....when it runs out there will be riots. Plan accordingly... With all of the Middle Eastern Terrorist (99% are on all forms of welfare) that Obama is bringing in to finish his job as the Manchurian Canidate -Cash flow will dry up or one of them detonates a dirty bomb in a pledge to Allah.
0:WeToAreLost If I have to work then people who want to spend my tax money should have to work also. There needs to be a big incentive to work like, "no benefits for you".
1:BlackKokkAsian make 'em work on farms and take the jobs from illegals.
1:Fitzwhell Start drug testing these lazy moochers
0:JAGinPHX @Fitzwhell Drug test our Federal and State politicians first.
1:sirandrew Stop welfare after eighteen months and provide for those that exceed eighteen months with a facility that prove food ,shelter and medical in army type three story barracks.The residents would be responsible to work in the kitchen ,laundry ,child care center and cleaning. Courses would be available to teach a skill or trade..
1:babydoll64 they bring in thousands of illegals, give them most of the jobs that are left, give them free healthcare and food stamps, in the meantime cut the American citizens food stamps, great plan by the clintons.......................
0:​ShoogafootJones Won't last. Once the "single mother" pressures start, it will be forgotten. Nice try though.
1:Nurseshelley I do not want anyone's children or the elderly to go hungry .... But just days ago I stood in line at a grocery store while a fit & trim young couple with expensive haircuts & wearing Nike & Uggs clothing filled a cart with the most expensive gourmet foods, Talenti ice cream, soda pop, steak & cookies ( no cheese eggs chicken vegetables or milk) & paid over $100 with an EBT ( food stamps card)! On my dime as a taxpayer. I have been working since 1965. I used food stamps once for 3 months to feed my child while I looked for a new job in 1971. But it had limits & you could not buy frivolous junk food. Too many of the current EBT users are able bodied spoiled people who could & should pay their own way. I think we need better screening and their should be a limited list of what they can purchase with EBT cards. Fruit vegetables beans eggs & milk etc. From a nurse in Oregon.
0:Bhn Nurse, I had the same experience many years ago. The expensively dressed woman in front of me had a buggy full of steaks, pork chops, roasts, and premium ice cream, and she paid with "food stamps." I was a teacher and my husband was employed by a bank. I was buying ground beef for casseroles and "ice milk" (remember that?) for my two-year-old's birthday party. I witness this much more often now. Since Obama claims unemployment is so low now, why can't counties and states partner with businesses to trade EBT cards for temporary work or day jobs, or something on that order? It's gotten ridiculous.
0:Chrisf1451 I am a current recipient of food stamps. I agree that people who are able to work should work while on public assistance. I think we need to fix our economy first though. I have been unemployed for the past 9 years. I have applied to thousands of jobs over the past 9 years and still have nothing to show for it. Out of the thousands of jobs I have applied for, I have only been called in for an interview half a dozen times. I have a bachelors degree and yet no one will hire me!
0:RAYUSA1 @Chrisf1451 Do volunteer work. If you do a good job and let people know that you are looking for a job, you will get a job offer from one of the business owners that are supporting that charity. Another approach is to get work as a temporary through a "temp" agency. Many "temps" do a good job and are offered regular employment at a company that uses temp agencies. If you follow either of these paths, work hard and get along with your fellow workers, you will get regular employment.
1:kmillerscats @Chrisf1451 I wish you luck in the future. You strike me as someone who does not want to be on food stamps. That is not always the case with many welfare recipients.
0:oldgardner Keep in mind that one of the largest block receivers of food stamps are people who work for WalMart. Full time!
0:Suzi1950 Absolutely. Whether they have children or not! Plenty of people with children work to buy their food, so why should not the ones getting food for "free" have to work for it! And those in public housing, getting free electricity, cell phones, etc. should also have to work. If nothing else, there is plenty of litter along the highways to pick up.
0:Songkran I was on welfare and incapable of working at one time but signed up for a few hours volunteer work a couple of times a week. It made me feel that I 'gave back' as much as I was capable, and that I was actually still engaged with life, with people, that I could offer something needed, even as I was in need. I was very appreciate of having the help available until I could get back on my feet but a 'welfare life' deforms your spirit, if its not already deformed enough to find that life acceptable. The essentials of power, transport, etc are so expensive, and the knockbacks so demoralising and the eventual inertia so debilitating, that sometimes you sink into despondency. If eligable welfare recipients were matched up with something they could align to personally ( I worked at a farm and an emergency relief food outlet , both which I liked), i could see it working for all concerned. Unfortunately, I could see this becoming an almost work-for - the-state situation and taken to its end-point, that gives me the heebie jeebies.
0:TedHurtz @Songkran and your experience is exactly what welfare should be. Temporary, empowering. it is depressing being unemployed. working those hours not only give back to the economy, they do wonders for your self esteem and help you back into the work force. these free loaders that use welfare as a way of life as they work under the table are the real problem, and under obama it seems that the handouts have gotten out of control. turning into a welfare state.
0:opaque/584efea0-7ff6-11e2-bb02-000f20980440 @Songkran I don't agree and I don't believe you.
1:me21950 @opaque/584efea0-7ff6-11e2-bb02-000f20980440 @Songkran I personally know people who get $800+ in food stamps claiming children who do not live with them. They sell them for cash drugs liquor and cigarettes. They sleep all day and party all night. Then their are those who are actually trying to get ahead that are denied any benefits or less than $100 a month help and working 2 to 3 jobs. Need better screening and follow up inspections.
0:renoisfun If you have children that are school age, recipients can still work a bit or volunteer.
0:Novelist56 The LOVE on this site for Jesus is overwhelming. All this we should help the poor get back on their feet, how we should feed them like Jesus fed five thousand. How Jesus Christ nailed to the cross, asked his father to forgive those for they know no better. Yea. There's a lot of love here.
0:TedHurtz @Novelist56 um... more of an economic and policy discussion than a jesus discussion. :)
1:Bhn Novelist, I don't believe that Jesus would agree that able-bodied people should be allowed to steal from others rather than work. We are NOT talking about those who truly need help. Most of us would gladly help those who truly need it.
0:Sherry Holt @Novelist56 Maybe you should read Second Thessalonians 3:10.
1:heyyou most people seem to forget that food stamps are a gift,other people have to work harder to allow the state to give them...and why is anybody on food stamps obese,this is a slap in the face to any tax payer.
0:Indianasmoker Gee Mr Obvious...I never made the connection...you're a lifesaver!
0:LiberalsHateWomenAndBlacks Food stamps can not buy booze or cigarettes or lottery tickets so the recipients are allowed to get cash back to purchase those items in Obama's Name of course
0:MollyPitcher1776 @LiberalsHateWomenAndBlacks Or the scammers illegally try to sell them. In CA they are good at fast food restaurants.
1:USAFvoter @MollyPitcher1776 @LiberalsHateWomenAndBlacks Most sell them to other fambly that pay 50 cents on a dollar. That money is then used for weed and 24's
0:painterdave01 @LiberalsHateWomenAndBlacks wrong it is all on e.b.t cards & I have read stories where they are used at casinos !
1:LibtardTroller Good. If I have to work for money and food then so should the leeches of society. Food stamps should really be eliminated totally. Then you'll see unemployment truly drop. If you have kids you can't afford, have no family or friends for help, and need the government to survive, you made poor choices and deserve to live with the consequences.
0:Limkun There are those too disabled to work due to health conditions in which they are born. Should they be punished by only allowing extremely low income and no way of support?? Especially when family isn't around and they can't afford a home because they can't work?? No caregiver because they don't own a home? Even when they try and try again to get a job only to be stunted because they're sickness won't allow them to be "reliable" even if they're trying they're hardest?? There are always exceptions to the rule.
0:hydrangea2 @Limkun The story PLAINLY STATED that those who are DISABLED ARE EXEMPT.
1:Kmic Unfortunately being too fat from eating like a pig is considered a disability,especially in the black community. I have never seen a skinny person using an EBT card. Not saying skinny ones don't exist,I just have never seen one.
1:painterdave01 @Limkun there are always bullets !
1:michaelt3022 We should have picked our own da*n cotton.
0:LiberalsHateWomenAndBlacks @michaelt3022 my dad did for $1/100 lb sack
0:whyisyourheadupyourass Maybe the politicians shouldn't be paid or even allowed to run for another term until the un employed/under employed are taken care of.
1:MollyPitcher1776 @whyisyourheadupyourass Ahead of the "illegals"?
0:truthstar Another attack on Americas poor-> middle class. We need to overall the program but in a positive way requiring recipients complete food and health educational classes monthly to retain benefits while limiting what can be purchased. This program literally costs tax payers 1/10 a penny per year to fund yet provides many with food who need healthy options. It should be about changing bad habits and inter-generational adverse health conditions so that our health care costs go down due to people becoming more healthy.
0:whyisyourheadupyourass @truthstar Wow you are really misinformed
0:RangerB @truthstar You, like them, are misconceived.
0:modelcube @truthstar Give a man a fish, he eats for a day; teach him how to fish, he eats for a lifetime. Even the Bible says so - YOU MUST WORK TO EAT.
0:Novelist56 @modelcube @truthstar The Bible also says to help the poor.
0:TedHurtz @Novelist56 @modelcube @truthstar and to stone the children that talk back... so....
0:ncrl08 Liberals are leaches........
