0:Gman1234 Until we get back to survival of the fittest, we will continue to become weaker. The wolves are at the gate. They're just waiting for us to tear it down ourselves.
0:olivianeistat Testing 123
0:AdmissionsRevolution Using income as a way to diversify a student body is an alternative to race-based admissions, but only if the college has a strong endowment and a commitment to financial aid. One of the most respected colleges in the country, Haverford College, just announced that they are no longer need-blind in their admissions process due to budgetary concerns. There are very few colleges truly equipped to fund low-income students in a way that doesn't saddle them with debt for the rest of their lives. If income is the new strategy to create diversity, colleges need to do a better job of making the cost of an education more affordable. And, that seems unlikely at most institutions
0:rcujvoj Collage and University admissions already favors the disadvantaged. Can anyone name another item whose price for the exact same item is determined by one's ability to pay?
0:rcujvoj Looks like one of the moderators didn't like one of my prior posts, so censored it. I will try again, From the Princeton website :"Princeton's no loan policy has made it possible for most students to graduate with no debt. For seniors who borrowed, the average total indebtedness at graduation was $6,600." From the Harvard website: We follow two key principles: ● Admission to Harvard is need-blind, meaning your financial need will not impede your chances of admission. ● Aid is based entirely on need, not merit. ● Our generous financial aid program—bolstered by the Harvard Financial Aid Initiative, which seeks to increase low- and middle-income students’ awareness of Harvard’s affordability—aims to make Harvard accessible to any student who is admitted. ● 20% of our parents have total incomes less than $65,000 and are not expected to contribute. Families with incomes between $65,000 and $150,000 will contribute from 0-10% of their income, and those with incomes above $150,000 will be asked to pay proportionately more than 10%, based on their individual circumstances. Families at all income levels who have significant assets will continue to pay more than those in less fortunate circumstances.
1:CanadianStormtrooper A WHITE MAN WHO IS A WAR VETERAN- WITH A YOUNG WHITE DAUGHTER WHO NEEDS A LIFE SAVING OPERATION - STUDIES FOR 20 YEARS TO BECOME A SCIENTIST, AND A NON WHITE WOMAN FROM A WEALTHY FAMILY FROM COMMUNIST CHINA WHO HAS STUDIED FOR 1 YEAR TO ATTEMPT TO BECOME A SCIENTIST, BOTH ENROLL AT THE SAME COLLEGE AND SHE IS ACCEPTED OVER HIM DUE TO THE MARXIST AFFIRMITIVE ACTION LAW. WHEN HE RETURNS HOME AND HIS DAUGHTER ASKS WHY HE WAS TURNED AWAY FROM THE OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE MONEY FOR HER OPERATION, WHICH HE STUDIED HARD FOR HE HAS TO TELL HIS DAUGHTER IT IS BECAUSE HIS SKIN IS THE SAME COLOUR HIS DAUGHTER'S IS. AND MARXIST CLINTON SUPPORTS THIS LAW.
0:CanadianStormtrooper I INTENDED TO TYPE "BOTH APPLY AT THE SAME COLLEGE", NOT "BOTH ENROLL AT THE SAME COLLEGE".
0:DeTocquevile @CanadianStormtrooper Bad example dude...Asians in particular get no affirmative action break. Google it! Asians are getting screwed by government policy.
1:iceberg1 In 1975 I couldn't get a job in Bellingham Washington. Everywhere I went, 6 of the major companies to which I applied, had multiple openings, but I didn't qualify for any of them. Oh, I had the education and I had the experience, but what I didn't have? I didn't have the correct ethnic background! I was Caucasian with no "diversity" (code for minority) status. At the "Unemployment Office", as it was called at the time, many of the people with the correct "diversity" were standing in line to receive their Unemployment checks. As I got up to the counter I asked why so many "people of color" didn't apply at the industries I had applied to for a job. I stated each company by name and the number of positions open and asked why these people couldn't go to work to fulfill the "quota" so I could take a position with one of the companies I had listed. The person behind the counter was a "person of color" and her response was short and to the point. I needed to move along so the next person could receive their benefit check. Jobs, education and now wealth are to be "adjusted" to match the outcome desired of the population of The United States of America! That my friends is Socialism! Since the government Establishment could not push legislation to make all people "equal" the SCOTUS has taken up the challenge and will dictate that design! God help us all!
1:troll @iceberg1 Been there... in the 70's i worked temp jobs from factories gas stations digging ditches to landscaping & self employment multiple refusals for decent jobs that stemmed from the fact that good companies had a quota & reserved jobs for minorities, refusals for educational grants, scholarships & loans, while my visible & gender minority peers received full rides(even though many were far better off than I, and over 40 years in the workforce living with affirmative action, minorities in supervision edicts, diversity initiatives, inclusive initiatives, women in non traditional roles... ... ... the government cant legislate equality all it can do is discriminate against certain demographics and it has done that with flying colors(no pun intended) look at any state or local government they are (at least where I live dominated by minorities far above their respective % in society the same goes for construction work and the service industry... … We are no longer a free country.
1:rcujvoj "Last year the Cooke Foundation awarded the $1 million Cooke Prize for Equity in Educational Excellence to Vassar College for its excellent record of admitting, supporting and graduating outstanding low-income students", The key word is "supporting" ... read extra tutoring, mentoring etc. for students who really aren't qualified to begin with.
0:bruder Yes, because diversity trumps all common sense! Colleges already lower requirements based on parents education and your zip code. My daughter's guidance counselor was honest with us. She said your resume is perfection and beyond compare but you have some strikes against you... you're a white female, with a nice zip code and both your parents graduated from college. You likely won't get into any of these elite schools even though you are more than qualified based on your grades, test scores, recommendations and resume. So sorry honey that your parents were responsible and hard working.
1:justlookathistory Affirmative action means we get affirmatively second rate doctors and other professionals.
0:HypocritesRBad @justlookathistory But those professionals that you berate will still have gotten through school, just like all the privileged kids.
1:GeorgGarvy Diversity, multiculturalism and racial integration is white genocide period.
0:Vincentgarcia @GeorgGarvy every one has a little bit of everyone in their dna.
1:TMmckay I thought the Left loved Darwin, that is, the successful succeed rather than the unsuccessful artificially made to succeed. Wait, the successful ensure that others are unsuccessful through various shenanigans. BUT, they are successful because they try rather than spending time and energy on why or why not they succeed! Way too easy to blame lack of success on others. I am left handed and bald, therefore my lack of success is because others stop my success only because of my condition, and has nothing to do with my ability. Just realize that whites happen to succeed, it is a matter of chance not genetics, while others do not. Wait, the 100m track event needs affirmative action! Too many blacks winning, must be racist and needs affirmative action to make whites equally win!
0:rcujvoj Seriously? The reports also recommend that colleges roll back the athletic admissions preference, because at elite colleges this preference often goes to students playing sports that very few low-income and minority students play – such as crew, water polo, squash and fencing. The Ivy League does not give athletic scholarships to anyone. Any financial awards are based on "need".
0:iceberg1 "3 percent of students at America’s most selective college and universities come from the 25 percent of families with the lowest incomes, while 72 percent come from the 25 percent of families with the highest incomes." Students who can afford to pay for a better college will now have no advantage over students who don't. Affirmative Action applied to wealth, what's next? Affirmative action applied to...............short people?
0:Vincentgarcia @iceberg1 so you should have an advantage cause you can pay? not intelligence
0:Stinkypants If all those terrorist attacks we've been having are just workplace violence, why are there so many police and guards all over Washington? Hmmmm?
0:rcujvoj This is simply not true: And the reports recommend rolling back the use of early admissions, which are largely unavailable to low-income students who cannot commit going to a school until they know the size of their financial aid package. There is not a single college/university that will force a student to attend if they can not afford to go. All schools put a disclaimer that one can decline they offer if they can not afford to attend.
1:Stinkypants Hillry's welfare army doesn't really want jobs. They want more freebies.
0:solarisaint1 Another win for the EU union and the takeo of America
0:pdubya Diversity: No white people! LOL
1:JamesRJones Hmmm? Sacrificing the future of our nation at the alter of diversity, sounds like a the perfect plan for ignorant people to support. MLK would not support this stupidity.
0:Stinkypants @JamesRJones right on!
0:rcujvoj "If America is to live up to its promise as the land of opportunity" Where is this promise written? I know it's not in the Constitution or the Declaration. The Declaration guarantees "Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness"
0:IronBest China is the land of equality. That is what communism is for. America is the land of opportunity. That is what democracy is for. You cannot have both.
0:vetteacher Discrimination is alive and well in America. We just call it affirmative actions. If discrimination is wrong then reverse discrimination is just as wrong with all Do Respect to the SCOTUS.
0:JamesRJones @vetteacher There is no "reverse discrimination", there is only discrimination. Liberals invented "reverse discrimination" as a term to imply the origin of all discrimination was created by and practiced only by Caucasians
1:TheeIceManCometh It needs to get rid of the illegal aliens and deadbeats
0:Foxnerd White male: most legally discriminated against person in the country
0:TheeIceManCometh What's next? Affirmative action at the Cadillac dealership because it's racist not everyone can afford a Cadillac?
1:RedFox001 In America the only qualification you need is to be black, Latino, a woman, or part of the LGBT community. That means white males are the most discriminated demographic in the U.S.
0:LibertyIsOutOfControl Must be all that "privilege" I keep hearing about
0:jimtaryon What nonsense. The most qualified candidate should be chosen. Punishing them for being the wrong color is not somehow more progressive. Its the same old racism using different words.
0:AliamRationem @jimtaryon It was a policy developed in response to different times with different problems. Those problems still exist, but they've changed. Perhaps it's time for policy to evolve as well.I'm not sure I agree with every idea discussed in the article, but some of them seem sensible. And in contrast to affirmative action, these policies could achieve the same thing while tending to favor the most qualified candidate, as you say.
0:LibertyIsOutOfControl No need for affirmative action. Just take race out of the equation and admit students on a number system only; top scores get in. If every college in the country is packed full of Jews, Asians, and white Europeans, so be it.
1:vetteacher @LibertyIsOutOfControl That's called the Merit System and requires students to actually study and perform. Sometimes it seems minorities think they have somehow "earned" an easier path. Could we call the "Minority Privilege"?
0:ancienttexan The Supemes have decide discrimination is just fine.....as long as it is reversed
1:RedFox001 Affirmative action is nothing more than an anti-white racist policy.
0:IndyART They need to start in the high schools that aren't preparing low income student for college.
0:thomas3210 Affirmative action is discrimination.
0:bttr_trth So, "Separate but equal" was thrown out by the supreme court. But now it is just fine? Money aside, shouldn't we all have to meet the same standard for enrollment?
1:EZinTexas If a black leaves high school and can't sign his name or read above a 6th grade level, what makes anyone think he will do any better in college...? Everyone doesn't belong in college. The country needs thousands of burger flippers and broom pushers.
1:vetteacher @EZinTexas Not just low income unskilled. We need plumbers and mechanics too. You are right college isn't for everyone. Work is.
0:welmabendben Trading is the best thing that ever happened to me. I’m a student and I’m proud to say that I’m profiting really well. If you want to learn how to trade and profit from trading. Search Superior Trading System.
1:jerry999 What nonsense. The percentage of Hispanics and Blacks actually graduating is dismal. Junior colleges are overflowing because the Blacks and Hispanics are not prepared and junior colleges have to teach them the last two years of high school so they are capable of taking college level classes. Look at the major university graduation data and you will see that Hispanics and Blacks don't get degrees in STEM, they receive degrees in Black Studies and Hispanic Studies. Then the Government has a requirement for quotas of Blacks and Hispanics for any company that provides goods or services for the Government. So we will have small armies of students that know nothing that will be working at US companies. Seems just like the old Soviet Union. The United States has no future.
1:StealthF22 @jerry999 Maybe that is why the US is 39th in math and science among all civilized countries!
1:jerry999 What nonsense. The percentage of Hispanics and Blacks actually graduating is dismal. Junior colleges are overflowing because the Blacks and Hispanics are not prepared and junior colleges have to teach them the last two years of high school so they are capable of taking college level classes. Look at the major university graduations and you will see that Hispanics and Blacks don't get degrees in STEM, they receive degrees in Black Studies and Hispanic Studies. Then the Government has a requirement for quotas of Blacks and Hispanics for any company that provides goods or services for the Government. So we will have small armies of students that know nothing that will be working at US companies. Seems just like the old Soviet Union. The United States has no future.
0:uzurbrain @jerry999 They teach "diversity" in these US Companies.
0:Rjlee If you have something to offer other than your misery like excellent grades for example elite universities will give you scholarships.
0:Nogowicz @Rjlee Lots of kids with excellent grades cannot get scholarships. There aren't that many scholarships. Next time try writing something truthful.
1:woetothegutless @Rjlee Excellent Grades? So how many 'Straight A' minorities show up for college and can't even handle 12 hrs of Liberal Arts courses?
0:dusty911 What exactly is racial diversity? The liberals insist race is just a social construct and that we're really all just alike. So which is it? Do the races differ or not? There is no diversity in diversity if we are all just alike.
1:StealthF22 @dusty911 We are all alike. However, we are treated differently for political reasons. The dems have to have 'victims' so they can get more voters. It started with blacks, next to woman groups and then to Hispanics. Who is next? Muslims?
0:shortdangerousbooks What "income diversity" do you mean? High school grads don't have any income. Oh, you mean the income of the PARENTS if such exist. In other words, you intend to reward unproductive or irresponsible parents, and penalize good parents. That's the inevitable result of equal-outcome socialism, it destroys a meritocracy.
0:underdog58 @shortdangerousbooks If the government subsidizes anything, you re guaranteed to see more of it.
0:uzurbrain @shortdangerousbooks It also creates another problem. If/when implemented unless they include low (and I mean very low) SAT or ACT scores then the color diversity will disappear, thus, ACLU, etc. will file lawsuits that not enough of this color or that color are represented.
1:VVet The socialists want to increase income diversity, political speak for steal from whites and give to non-whites. I have a better idea. All whites boycott the schools who feel they have to discriminate against whites. See how long all minority schools stay in business !
0:novillageneeded Just another case of the Supreme Court ignoring the Constitution. What a disgraceful group of knuckleheads.
0:chagrin If the college grading systems weren't biased in favor of the under-represented this whole think might work. Unfortunately, having made the commitment to diversity, professors allow their bias to affect the grading of work that is evaluated subjectively. It is a disservice to the taxpayers paying the freight and the student who wrongly believe they have earned their grades.
0:ancienttexan @chagrin Watching college students being interviewed on the streets and asked simple common knowledge questions...."higher education" is a cruelty joke.
0:StealthF22 @chagrin It also lowers the standards for achieving!
0:LibsRworms All College professors be paid 200,00 dollars a week, and then they are still overpaid.
0:nufomaxo my mom in law got a fantastic green Lexus NX 200t SUV by working part time off of a home.see it here=====JobsBay24.comllllllll
1:marie9999999 Let's start with that Obama offspring headed to Harvard, do the right thing step down and let a po white kid go instead.
0:joshisgems And Wayne University did away with the math requirement and tucked in a class on "diversity." SMH.
0:VVet @joshisgems They did that because they were losing money. Incoming students couldn't pass a 1+1 = 2 math test.
0:Bitterssweet Don't confuse education for intelligence.
0:ancienttexan @Bitterssweet exactly...the words are NOT interchangeable.
0:sanderdog1 How about we just adopt Bernie's Idea and send every student to college after High School where many did poorly already. Set up a jurnior Junior College to teach them first what they failed to learn already. To be sure some dirt poor kids deserve to go to college but not if they blew off HS.
0:DustinG @sanderdog1 So a far greater group of working poor kids shouldn't get that opportunity because of the small percentage of problem kids you and your ilk focus on.
0:underdog58 @DustinG @sanderdog1 That's what the GI Bill is for. Assuming that you can graduate HS and stay out of jail, Uncle Sam can get you a free ride.
0:ChristianLion So much for the smartest and brightess. Lets just keep dumbing down the requirements......Idocracy is only a generation away!
0:ancienttexan @ChristianLion Some are cheating....and are already there
0:ChristianLion Lets just keep dumbing down the requirements......Idocracy is only a generation away!
0:VVet @ChristianLion It's already here ! Go to any vomit burger and see if the dummy at the register can count the change.
0:steely49 Diversity to the Democrats means a mixed demographic group with identical psychographics. Can you say "thought police".
0:DustinG @steely49 No, its just a matter of giving a small percentage of kids a chance. Most of the kids going to college will be the same kids that would have gone anyway.
1:threedaughters If we stop admitting people into college in the name of diversity who are less qualified to succeed, maybe we can compete on the international stage.
1:StealthF22 @threedaughters The Japanese have no diversity at all and are way ahead of the US when it comes to academic standards!
0:harmony it might come as a surprise to many but the white students the biggest beneficiary of quota rules for admission. else we will have far more chinese students in the ivy league universities than is the current state. no sense making waves.
1:ArealProgressive As if they aren't already
0:forrestoak16 We will never stamp out racism if we continually insists on treating people differently based on race.
0:ArealProgressive @forrestoak16 Not until the Clintons and Obamas of the world are gone.
0:zee11 @forrestoak16: That's the same thing I say
0:VVet @forrestoak16 Socialists don't see it that way. Socialists believe all the "po" folk have to be under control of more socialists !
0:StealthF22 @forrestoak16 100 % correct!
0:stlmstr12 Two wrongs don't make a right.
0:12345abcde @stlmstr12 either is doing nothing to fix it
0:sanderdog1 @12345abcde @stlmstr12 Hum. Students who blew off HS should not be in college. True some poor kid does deserve a shot. But it is a small number.
1:12345abcde "Diversity" is liberal speak for ethnic cleansing of white folk
0:delegate It is my experience that only a few very special students from the "projects" and deepest pockets of non-working families are qualified to enter college, or even be given a GED. Yes, that computes to 3% or so who want to rise above their status in the welfare society. We need to open doors to all who really want to achieve, and make jobs available to others willing to work, regardless of the color of their skin or their origins.
0:12345abcde poor white folk is diversity too right???
0:sanderdog1 @12345abcde Whites have to be poorer than everyone else First.
1:romags1303 Look what affirmative action did to the USA, Obama!
1:youoffendme Affirmative Action is racist.....only the best person should move ahead.....Affirmative Action only brings America down!
0:VVet @youoffendme Oh my, you just blew LBJ's "war against poverty" out of the water !
0:LeftandRightareWrong People that do well in college are just people that .... do well. Simply attending college will not create people that do well.
0:yayachere All Americans should have the same rules apply to them. It is not justice to give any group special treatment..
0:zee11 @yayachere: I agree
0:insideout26529 I'm Asian. And can't afford college even though I'm in the upper 1% of my graduating class. As a race, we are by far fewer in number in the general population than Blacks or Hispanics. Yet I don't qualify for Affirmative Action. Why isn't my "diversity" valued the same as other minorities? Why the double standard?
0:LeftandRightareWrong @insideout26529 Because affirmative action is by its very nature, racist. It contends that races are superior and inferior. That members of racial groups should be promoted and demoted in an attempt to -- do what?
0:Jim Murray @insideout26529 From what I've read, some colleges actually put a cap on asian admissions. It seems that test qualifications, or anything else is just ignored. The colleges simply limit the number of asian student population. I'm talking about american asians. The number of foreign asians appears to be an entirely different matter. Colleges appear to welcome them with open arms.
0:adwhatnow @Jim Murray @insideout26529 Probably because they can charge higher tuition to non-nationals. For universities, it is ALL about the buck. Pious hypocrites.
0:threedaughters @adwhatnow @Jim Murray @insideout26529 Yes -- they don't have to offer them financial aid. They pay full price.
0:delegate @insideout26529 If you are actually a highly qualified student, you can find a scholarship and financial aid to attend college, without "Affirmative Action" becoming involved. I think maybe you are just posting some "feelings" not founded on fact.
1:threedaughters @delegate @insideout26529 Consider that the number of scholarships that are available to non-caucasian, non-asian students is much higher than for those two classes. Those scholarships also have lower standards to apply.
1:Jack Coyote Because by affirmative action they mean black.
1:int656 If you are Asian you will find a way. Good luck to you.
1:ByteMeCommies @insideout26529 you mean you can't afford Harvard...
0:StealthF22 @insideout26529 Simple! The dems want as many voters that they can 'buy' as a group. It's all about staying in power. Creating 'victims', political correctness and the welfare system has always been a tool of the left.
