1:ShoogafootJones BLM is a terrorist organization funded by the left. As a prominent member of the left Alan, you should know this. So call all your Jewish friends like Soros and tell them to stop sending the checks. Good luck with that.
1:Truthseeker2000 There is a mistake in reporting right off the bat in this article: "BLM which has done so much good in raising awareness of police abuses..." SERIOUSLY? They became active with the JUSTIFIED officer shooting of Mike Brown. And since then every police shooting which they have used as excuses to riot, with the possible exception of 2 or 3, have been found to be JUSTIFIED. And the officers in those UNJUSTIFIED shootings have been convicted. Contrary to your statement, BLM has done tremendous damage to this country in numerous ways. A large segment of Blacks now believe it is socially acceptable to be openly racist, hostile, and aggressive towards random White people, while attacks and assaults on White elderly and helpless people is openly celebrated.
1:sigma4506 OK i can fix this= all employers fire the ones who dont show up for work,ON THE DAY OF PROTEST =UH OH MISTAKE 96% OF THEM DONT WORK=WELAFAREHEATHCARE= FOODCARE=HOUSINGCARE=
1:bobcratchette BLM is a terrorist /hate group trying to masquerade as a help group for black america but their affiliations are questionable at best. SOROS is one of their major donors and that in itself should be enough to make them suspect.
1:Horaz Cicero Afro-Americans had better go to Africa to stand by their brothers there and to improve them in every field of human knowledge. Only in such a way Africans could progress. By themselves are not able. They look like as if they would be paralysed and deranged.
1:kmawhmf FBLM.
0:Dvandal The racism in Israel against blacks, most noticeably Ethiopian Jews, is a travesty but it is no worse than any racial identity that is newly integrated into a society for all of human history. It certainly is not supported by any judicial or legislative body - as unfortunate as this is, it's on humanity as a species more than on Israel as a nation. Israel's treatment of it's Arab citizens on the other hand.... Still, the term genocide DOES NOT apply to any of this and is not a term that should be used lightly.
1:jhkswim2 However the Palestinkian charter calls for the total elimination of the Jewish State (from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea) and genocide of Jews.
1:Horaz Cicero Black lives of peaceful citizens matter but black lives of bandits, villain , hooligans do count for nothing. They do not matter at all and police acts properly blowing them out.
1:Horaz Cicero Black lives of murderers, criminals and rioters do not matter.
0:RacistIsrael Please google "Racism against Africans in Israel". Israel police are slaughtering Blacks. Few know this, not even Black Lives Matter and most American Jews.
1:jhkswim2 But reverse racism is alive and well among BLM. Folks like you attacking Jews just cause they are Jews, and because of your jealousy. But self hatred is alive with BLM, burning down your own businesses and a gas station, no doubt owned by Muslims..
0:Israeli25 @RacistIsrael There is racism in Israel like in every other country, but more reasonable that less... When the question of racism against Ethiopian Jews was raised, Israel proved its ability to fight it with the most effective and vigorous ways. I bet this problem will be solved before you will be capable to determine your self autonomously, and not in identification with your anti-semitic hate.
1:squareinthecircle But BLM being anti-white, anti-police, anti-truth, anti-civilized, anti-peace, anti-common sense is just fine eh? We tolerate all that but draw the line at the Jews? It's time for equal treatment.
0:SpiritualRevolution Black Lives Matter is funded by George Soros, who has worked to eliminate Israel for decades. They'll do anything for his money.
0:jhkswim2 Long live the Jewish State of Israel, with all the land it needs to be safe and secure and with its original, ancient, eternal, and undivided blessed capital city of Jerusalem.
0:Dvandal @jhkswim2 Not to get into a huge debate; but if there were any descendants of the people of Jericho - I wonder how they would feel about Israel's 'historic claim' to the land. According the bible; the ancient Hebrews slaughtered them wholesale so I guess its a moot point.
0:jhkswim2 Israel has as much right to the land that it sits on as America has or any other nation has to the lands that they sit on.
0:claymccrea @jhkswim2 "As I urged you when I went into Macedonia, stay there in Ephesus so that you may command certain people not to teach false doctrines any longer or to devote themselves to myths and endless genealogies. Such things promote controversial speculations rather than advancing God's work--which is by faith." "It is not as though God's word had failed. For not all who are descended from Israel are Israel." "For they are not all Israel which are of Israel; neither because they are the seed of Abraham are they all children… but the children of promise are counted for the seed."
0:LeftandRightareWrong Where does Obama stand re: BLM and Israel?
0:LeftandRightareWrong Is there anything Alan does not have an opinion about?
1:acarl007 BLM is a Hate group Given Birth by Obama's comments That put a target on the backs of police officers
1:kankledestroyer Black causes have become a played out joke........Sometimes it's a stereotype for a reason.
1:yngdalf Of course BLM hates Israel, they're a terrorist organization.
1:jhkswim2 Yes, BLM is a terrorist organization.
1:BillPistulka The opinion of this person was invalidated in the first sentence, "which has done so much good in raising awareness of police abuses" . "So much good" are you kidding me? So much good at perpetuating racism, and conflict. Blocking roads and rioting and threatening people? Good? Tell ya what, if BLM wants my support, it needs to just go away. I support that. And of course, why Fox reprinted this crap from the boston globe is beyond me.
0:DustinG @BillPistulka Hey, pass a law against cell phone videos and you will get your wish for this all to go away.
0:LeftandRightareWrong @BillPistulka If not for cell phones and body cams more cops might be unfairly out of a job or worse.
1:claymccre @BillPistulka Why was it reprinted? Consider it a clue to the 'group' who controls the media.
1:giordant Dershowitz erred when he thought that Black Lives Matter was really dedicated to rooting out police abuses. Their goal was always attacks on whites, especially white cops, whether or not they abused blacks. They are a hate group. Eventually, hate groups get around to hating Jews.
0:DustinG @giordant Its amazing how angry people get when they keep getting shot.
0:LeftandRightareWrong @giordant Who funds BLM? Follow the money!
1:ccsoldier I do not believe for one moment that police abuse black people. This lie has been repeated so much by politicians and media that it is now accepted as a fact. It is a lie! It is propaganda! This lie has created a dangerous situation that actually "encourages" Blacks to behave badly and not be held accountable for their actions. Police exist to protect and defend law-abiding citizens. Believe it or not, that sometimes requires them to fire their weapon to stop criminal maniacs who violently refuse to follow instructions to stand down and stop threatening harm either to the police, innocent citizens, property, or themselves. Blacks do not die more often than whites at the hands of law enforcement; that's a fact that has been proven.
1:Sean413 WELL SEE YOU ANSWERED YOUR OWN STATEMENT. "NO DECENT PERSON" NOT DECENT PERSONS MAKE UP ABOUT 95% OF THE SCUMBAGS IN THE BLM.
1:chilitom If fear, riot, murder, racism and violence is in the repertoire of BLM, why is it not listed as a terrorist group? Why are its members not on the 'no fly' list? Why not pull any subsidies, scholarships, professional licenses, driving licenses or civil/military occupations from its member's hands?
0:Ratboy Black Live Matter was just being sarcastic.
0:Jeff2000 Amen and Amen.
0:DEGJR5047 BLACK OLIVES MATTER
1:Ksp48 So these thugs are anti-semites. Gee, who would have guessed it.
0:tkswilsonall Why would Blacks support Israel? That's not even logical.
1:Ksp48 @tkswilsonall Huh? Maybe because Jews have been even more pressed than blacks. Maybe because of a shared history of slavery. Maybe because American Jews were in the forefront of the civil rights movement. Maybe because Israel is the only democratic, law based country in the entire middle east.
1:badchef Like all good Americans, Dershowitz is deeply concerned when people attack Israel, a sure sign of anti-Semitism – or so he tells us. As a distinguished civil rights attorney, Dershowitz helped defend O J Simpson but he isn’t defending BLM when they have the audacity to go after Israel. And like all Americans nowadays, Dershowitz closely identifies with his chosen group of American born Israelis, BLM identifies with their chosen group of African Americans – if you’re a loyal American you must enlist in a group which despises other groups. Is this a great country or what?
0:theplan "But singling Israel out and falsely accusing it of “genocide” can be explained in no other way than blatant hatred of Jews and their state." ROFL they send tanks roll over the bodies of new born babies, and it's not a genocide? (seen during the last incursion of Israel on europeanTV) take an aspirin dude and get the facts.
1:zionthelion44 Just mowing down future terrorist , Keep it up Israel !
0:jerryprice @theplan I may have misunderstood your comment to be supportive of Palestinians, re read and realized I misunderstood. My other comment is for those who support Palestinians
0:LeftandRightareWrong Anybody keeping score? Is every interest group now in conflict with at least one other group?
1:buckeye23 most BLM members or wanna be BLM members are Muslims anyway. Or worse liberals!!
0:jaxtown @buckeye235 The whole problem is all about racism and hate and you sir are obviously part of the problem! Just like savior Trump, you are very good at placing labels and placing blame, because YOU are part of the problem as well!
0:augustawinter @jaxtown @buckeye235 Jaxtown, BLM is all about hate. And, to boot, they're dopes for calling out Israel. No other ethnic group has supported Black civil rights & freedom more than the Jewish people. I'm not Jewish but I can clearly see that.
0:MMCal BLM is doing exactly what accuses others of doing. Hypocritical and disgraceful.
0:MMCal BLM is doing exactly what accuses others of doing. Hypocritical and disgraceful.
1:Keysrat321 Blacks in America are the fast growing population of anti-Semites in the US. Yes you can fact check it.
1:mygoodsense Black Lives Matter movement has been racist from the "Get go". Racial hatred of Whites and White Cops is wide spread and well known everywhere where Black Lives Matter meet. The members belief that Blacks are being murdered by Cops at a unusually high rate is a false narrative. White people are killed far more by Cops. All Lives Matter! It comes as no surprise that some members hate Jews and Israel too. Just shows that fact that racism and racial hatred is very much alive in the Black Lives Matter movement. People should give the Black Lives Matter movement a double thumbs down and show your displeasure of them.
0:thatChief The terrorist nation of Israel illegally occupies large swaths of the West Bank in direct defiance of International law. Israel should only be approximately 1/3 of the size of what it currently occupies, this means 2/3 of their land is illegally occupied, which is a crime against humanity. Israel somehow managaes to have a worse record for crimes against humanity than even abhorrent places like Iran and Syria. Look it up the information is out there and none of it involves conspiracy nut jobs like Alex Jones.
0:RocD There is no international law against Israel holding the lands they captured in a defensive war. And your claim of a 'worse HR record' than the Arab despots is sheer nonsense. To think that people who can read and write can actually believe anything you've said is beyond comprehension.
1:badchef @RocD Perhaps so but the history of non-Jewish Semites, Muslims, Babylonians (Nebuchadnezzar) and assorted Middle Eastern tribes murdering Jews is long and bloody. But Israel is loyal only to those who defend Jewish interests (Cyrus the Great, a Persian) and violently opposed to those who don’t. Naturally, Israel has a strict immigration policy regarding Palestinians, Israel even built one of those hated Border Walls to keep their nation secure. Is Trump a Jewish name?
1:jhkswim2 Palestinkians have an even stricter policy against Jews. The Palestinkian charter calls for the total elimination of the Jewish state and the genocide of Jews.
1:jerryprice @badchef @RocD Just like any other country we defend our interests and are loyal to those who support and defend our interests until this traitor-in-chief now occupying the White House.
1:nocommie11 Blah blah blah. Israel is the only civilized nation in the region to keep the unwashed masses at bay.
0:xrange2nd75th @thatChief take that up with the UN, or Israel, keep all your self described righteous anger and hate in the Strip.
0:Keysrat321 I think they should go back to the 6 Day War boarders. Isn't that how most countries gained land through war?
0:jerryprice @Keysrat321 disagree. They would not have that land if the other countries had not invaded first. Why does Israel have to give back land won during an invasion of their country? The United States is not being forced to give land back to England, France, Spain or Mexico
1:buckeye235 @thatChief Israel SHOULD be 10X the size to wipe terrorist muslims off the face of the earth.
0:Truthtrump Uhh am i confusec because Israel was thwre first and has been attacked basically everyday since it was formed. What would you say if Mexico said we want our land back and started shooting rockets at us. Wonder how you would react if somebody you lived was knife to death because of who they were bet you would be singing a different tune. Its a dog eat dog world outside of your safe zone this is how it works yiu attack us we crush you and then take your land so you cant do it again
0:Jeff2000 @thatChief Everything you just said is factually wrong. Go back in your hole!
