0:Falconetti101 That woman is an evil pos
0:MJones54 It's too bad Charles Manson is no longer single; she's a good match.
1:saynotodemcraps Man...That is one Goofball Looney Liberal...Probably worked with Barry as a Community Organizer in Chicongo...
0:timbo123 Racism exists everywhere, even in the mouth of an alligator.
1:SFgunrmn what a efen loon, but most femanazis are.
1:jmgandolfo @SFgunrmn ALL of them are.
1:MothraSaveUs Why would anyone with more than two brain cells follow such a feminist loon? What she says isn't news. It should be privileged information -- notes in her psychiatrist's notebook at the asylum.
0:ratherbefishing Sorry Charlie - alligators want kids that taste good not the parents that have good taste (or sense).
0:Dusty1948 This is the face of the so-called "progressive" movement.
0:SFgunrmn @Dusty1948 ug..ug..ly.
0:FrancisP64 This is why the surgeon general states that smoking or drinking while pregnant is bad for an unborn child......this is what we get...brain damaged children.....I love how we now turn "accidents" into political social movements.....An accident is an undesirable incidental and unplanned event that could have been prevented had circumstances leading up to the accident been recognized
0:MJones54 @FrancisP64 Remember -- spay or neuter your millennials.
0:AMILH I'm sorry, but isn't this woman white? Let's face it, it's cool to to have an issue with white people. She is SO cool. I bet she just can't believe how utterly cool and accepted in all her social circles she really is. So it's not "white privilage" that needs to be stamped out . . .it's "white I wanna be cool".
0:jmgandolfo @AMILH Seems like she has more of a problem with "white I wanna be dead".
0:yakageddon Feminism: When equality just isn't good enough for you anymore.
0:conservogop DEMS are such clueless and useless animals.
0:jmgandolfo @conservogop But please, you're insulting animals.
0:karvictho When the black child fell into the gorilla cage ... and the gorilla was shot to save the boy ... many people signed a petition to have the mom prosecuted for failing to watch her child. Here an alligator eats a white child ... and there are signs everywhere telling people not to go in the water ... but there are no petitions being signed asking for the boy's dad to be prosecuted. That's the issue .... black people should be condemned ... white people are "privileged" and get a pass and sympathy. For those of you pretending it is otherwise... oh well, you can always be part of the problem instead of part of the solution.
1:toorotten Karvictho; first off the boy didn't "fall" into the Gorilla area - he CLIMBED in! Second, he told his Momma he wanted to go in prior to escaping into the pit! And both Mom and Dad were right next to him but were distracted taking photos! Third off, various stories as to if the Dad was there or not, but he was there. So that boy had 2 parents and 2 siblings old enough to watch over him but ALL were too occupied on Social media to bother watching this lil boy that had to.d his parents that he wanted to climb in!! These deaths have NOTHING at all do with Racism, nor "White Privileges"!! Grow up! Pull up your pants, stop looting your hood and then blah the about not having anything good in your neighborhood! Oh, and BTW, they too could have gone to Disney and gotten their kid eaten by a Gator! They take Food Stamps there ya know!!
0:opsl2407 The sign said no swimming and BTW all black people do not live in the hood and there are 45.2% of White Privileged, victims on welfare vs 25.7% of Black hood living, drug selling thugs according to the US Department of Agricultural 2015 report ijs
0:Jayliam @opsl2407 Please tell me if I I'm getting this right: the US Department of Agriculture states that 45.2% of welfare recipients are "white privilege victims?"
0:hansdelbrucke @toorotten I kind of think you fail to see the real picture: Black child is alive while the white child is dead. This is not racial, it is about life and death.
0:ClownsToTheLeftOfMeJokersToTheRight @karvictho I take it you're femme_esq?
0:ynna deiw @karvictho you are a part of the problem
0:mikejoann @karvictho People like YOU are the problem!
0:yakageddon @karvictho Maybe the family in Florida got more sympathy because their child was killed. I agree that the Chicago family was unnecessarily maligned.
0:Steve111111 There are many people who are mad at the white parents. They shrugged off the sign and decided to go into the water. The water could have had bacteria or amebas or some other danger. The gorilla enclosure was a clear hazard, and as every parent knows kids are quick.
0:Steve111111 If you wish to start a petition to go after them for reckless endangerment. I'm in! However, fighting an alligator with your bare hands as your son is being dragged under by a large animal might be enough. Same with being helpless to fend off a large gorilla as your son is dragged around. The gorilla lawsuit went nowhere because it was an accident. Wait, didn't both families get go fund me pages
0:Steve111111 Maybe, it was a bunch of people mad that a rare gorilla was shot, and people could care less about a gator. I guess everything I see isn't about race. Conformation bias is something we all should learn about.
0:RecognizeTheTruth @karvictho It is otherwise: you live in a fantasy world. The problem is people like you and Ms Snarth, the current President, the "reverends" (Al and Jesse), every liberal-socialist, etc. etc. who think that everything is about "phobia", "hate" and "race". Because of the first amendment, your ability to spout the foul libelous statements and baseless accusations is protected. Because of the first amendment, you're going to have to learn to let those who disagree with you continue to disagree. Tragedies happen. Sometimes by our own inattention, and sometimes with no warning or ability to prevent them. When no crime is committed, then those involved in the tragedy should be left alone to grieve.
1:CurbYerLib @karvictho Considering the fact that I'll never be black, I suppose I'll have to settle for being part of the solution.
0:jmgandolfo @karvictho However, it is YOU that is "part of the problem" (in fact, a very LARGE part of the problem)... carrying and spreading your venomous hatred of the human race, and especially "whites. And it would indeed be for the same tragedy that befell this little "white" boy to befall YOU, that would be a much to be desired (and quite poetic) "part of the solution".
0:JDmd someone needs a brain transplant!
0:ClownsToTheLeftOfMeJokersToTheRight @JDmd I believe all of her organs could be of better use to others in need.
0:jmgandolfo @ClownsToTheLeftOfMeJokersToTheRight @JDmd Who would want them?
0:jmgandolfo @JDmd Far better a brain removal... the ISIS way.
0:TexasBlonde51 Dumber than a box of rocks racist and it is an insult to the box of rocks to use them as a comparison.
0:jmgandolfo @TexasBlonde51 INDEED
0:johnwiec this nut job married a Givonna Long, google this name to see what a prize she married
0:jmgandolfo @johnwiec How do you know this? Then she would be the "Olivia St. Clair" part?
0:RustySchakelford When does it become ok to take the trash like this out
0:CSmailliw Chicago, Lawyer, Liberal.................the Gator would have gotten diarrhea or spat her out. JMO
0:Jerricho Talk about "Racist!
0:montanabelle Hey liberals are you watching this? One of your own spewing venom toward an innocent little 2 year old. Makes some of you proud, I'm sure. With hatred like this circulating on the internet it's little wonder we, as a nation, have lost our moral compass.
0:Hunneyblonde I'm also curious. Why would the dad allow the child any where near the water that said "No Swimming". Forget about the bottom of the water having some type problem. It was Florida. Gators can asset water in families pools. So there in open land when that sign would have made any parent more cautious. That Gator laid in wait for that innocent little boy and did what an Alligator known to do. Strike very fast and drag under water. So sad for the family, that I am. The Father will never ever forgive himself. So I really don't think pointing fingers really makes a different at this point. He was the one at the time walking with his Son and that very sad tragic thing happen and that will always be his final remembrance of his child. So heart breaking.
0:RustySchakelford @Hunneyblonde and yet here you are doing just that pointing fingers
0:Lngrn36 @Hunneyblonde Technically they were in compliance with the signs as neither one was swimming. There are thousands of places around the gulf coast that say no swimming and like these signs they are permanent. Sometimes it's as simple as tree stumps being removed to make, as in this case, a man made lake. The owners don't want people hurt on the remaining stumps until they have rotted away. They walked together on a beach and the little boy was in less than 12" of water. Now if the signs that were posted would have said "DANGER ALLIGATORS IN WATER" I could see how you might have a point. However, you do not.
0:jmgandolfo @Lngrn36 Neither does she seem to have a brain, a heart or a soul. Check out the profile photo. Yeah, some "Honeyblonde", huh? SMH
0:FrancisP64 @Hunneyblonde seriously? Now I live in the South and if there is a public area that has ALLIGATORS we post signs that state that....Now if I am going to "Disney" I would NOT expect at a resort type hotel for there to be Gators and if there are they should POST that because someone from some Northern state on vacation is not thinking Gators unless they are at Animal Kingdom.....this is clearly the fault of the hotel not the parents....and it was an accident:An accident is an undesirable incidental and unplanned event that could have been prevented had circumstances leading up to the accident been recognized
1:Wyerd American feminists are about as useful as soundless Velcro. Grew up with daddy issues no doubt.
0:Americangrill @Wyerd When daddy leaves mommy and kids, kids get daddy issues. It's traumatic for everyone!
0:ratherbefishing So discriminating alligators chose their victims because they taste good or because they have good taste?
0:Americangrill @ratherbefishing Apparently because of this white privilege deal...:/
1:RecognizeTheTruth @ratherbefishing We really should sue the alligator for not complying with Florida and Federal EEOC (Equal Eating Opportunity Commission) rules as well as Affirmative Action and Diversity requirements. Wrong "race" (actually ethnicity, there is only one race), wrong gender, wrong education and income profile.
0:twobitswerth sight to make eyes sore, could be a Hilary intern
0:innocentlivlesmatter I'd still rather take my chances at Disney rather than on the streets of Chicago, especially on weekends.
0:VivianLee @innocentlivlesmatter You have better odds with the alligators. The stats are up to 1847 shot. Probably be over 1900 after the weekend.
0:iski Anyone wonder why this country and world is in such a mess. My condolences to the family.
0:jmgandolfo @iski With so much evidence being piled higher and higher every day, I quit wondering long ago.
0:MAD1905 Huh?
0:ClownsToTheLeftOfMeJokersToTheRight @MAD1905 right?
1:nastyazzpelosi Brienne of Snarth Uncovered: Olivia St. Clair Long, aka Brienne of Snarth is an attorney who is employed by a Law Firm in Chicago, IL. A little digging on the internet reveals this woman's Hatred towards "white privilege men" This is a ugly example of a misguided human being... if I ever saw one, but nonetheless a stinking POS! Do a little digging and you will find some of the pieces that makes this woman tick. Check out who she is married to!
0:Americangrill @nastyazzpelosi nah, she's not worth another moment of my time.
0:BanGee Then again you can ask her "How does a 2 year old get far enough away from the parent and close enough to get snatched by an alligator unsupervised in a huge public arena?" Bad parenting maybe? Just asking, either way it is very sad.
0:Toomuchsense BanGee, how does one become so full of hate like you?
0:doublellnfl @BanGee I see you know zip about gators.
0:jmgandolfo @doublellnfl @BanGee Or anything else worth knowing.
0:VivianLee @BanGee Most people don't think about alligators in the pond when they are vacationing at Disney. I wonder why they didn't post a warning sign?
0:jeff236 She may be influential but so is the devil.
0:azotusmc Disgusting! The women appears to have some "issues" going on. Peace.
0:playtim3izov3r She's right. He should feel the guilt for the rest of his life for ignoiring signs. But millions of dollars will buy a couple of four wheelers and some personal watercraft. That'll help him squash the feelings.
0:VivianLee @playtim3izov3r You can't go out killing American wildlife ...that's poaching. Or are you commenting on the way $$$ soothe the parent's feelings after a lawsuit?
0:casey6511 What an ignorant POS.
1:kds659 White privilege? Getting killed by a gator is a privilege? Paying ridiculous taxes to support kneegrows is a privilege?
0:max2002 Stain.
1:newsworthy44 There is always a mentally disturbed feminist - man hater in the crowd. Put her on the no-fly list.
1:1963dav @newsworthy44 Actually she should be put on the next available "flight" fly list, out of the country... maybe to a place with an all black population, like the Congo! Oh wait, are they black... I don't see color, I see people, maybe she should try it.
0:lara3 @1963dav @newsworthy44 Yes, send her to ISIS she can tell them all about how lousy this country is.
0:TheTruthWillSetUUUFree Must be a Hillary Supporter.
0:randy726w @TheTruthWillSetUUUFree That's a given.
1:billy777 LET'S SEE PEOPLE ARE FEED UP WITH RACISM as an excuse for black failure so now black failure is blamed on white privilege. I would laugh if it wasn't so lame.
0:Piper65 What a witch!!
0:46and2 This woman is a waste of otherwise perfectly viable skin cells.
0:mrparker What a sick twisted mind she has. I make some bomb thrower comments- but about dead children? She needs help.
1:nissa20 Feminism is a disease . An absence of God, loving or caring , for one thing .
0:Neilfan1422 @nissa20 Oh Bulls**t. I'm a feminist and nothing like this witch. Feminism is about equality in the workplace and not being treated like second class citizens. Shows how much you know. God has nothing to do with it.
1:puleeze Doesn't the hildabeeste bare a strange resemblance to an alligator?
1:VivianLee @puleeze That's an insult to alligators!
0:puleeze Liberalism is an illness of spirit...leading to nonsensical rationalizations of mind. Liberals rewrite the past.... lie about the present..... and offer nothing for the future....
0:saailer @puleeze Well said!
0:gavoter123 There is a reason they say liberalism is a disease.
0:simplesiman @gavoter123 don't give it that credit, they will want rational people to pay their therapy bills.
0:VivianLee @simplesiman @gavoter123 Well, we pay for everything else they want--don't we?
1:BryanSOS if it was an illegal mexican would she have wrong that ?
0:BryanSOS im guessing she is a clinton supporter
0:Clarkmmmm Brienne of Snarth, I want to share my white male privilege [large alligator] with you.
0:BenStolen Hope she feels better
0:BigDTexas When you're a single-issue hammer, everything looks like a nail. When you're a feminist, everything looks like white male privilege.
1:kdlnola What a surprise!!!! Another ugly, self-proclaimed "feminist". After 30 years of observation, I'm thinking being ugly is a requirement.
0:faldo12 She should become one with an alligator !
0:VivianLee @faldo12 My sympathy to the gator!
0:InventPeace RE: ET's contacting earth in 1500 years.. yeah... hope they don't like slaves or human flesh... we must be the wisest beings in existence... to send out constant radio waves, deep space launches, which tell any one and everyone what our tech is and many of our weakness's, so smart to send up a beacon so any and all pirate ET's will know where we are.. Genius !! I'm sure our descendants 1501 years from now will be so thankful for our lack of forethought as they are being led off to the giant meat grinder.
0:VivianLee @InventPeace It's a COOKBOOK!
0:InventPeace FL protects alligators too much, alligators are serial killers, they eat anything anyone any pet, they can. Sad the media has convinced the public that these killers should be "protected by law"? Hope they learn why some creatures are not desirable neighbors? They should all be re-located to the Everglades (the gators and the media, lol), that would help their tourism and make the rest of FL safer. Same for the Bear issues, Over Development destroys the Bears natural habitat so they have to search for food more and farther, so its mans doing; just Re-Locate them to the Rockies perhaps, that would not require the Bears killed,who are only looking for food most all the times. Too, Disney should have 2 barriers between any dangerous animal or creature and the public. Even a good parent can be caught unawares. Its just human nature to not always be 100% on guard.
0:VivianLee @InventPeace Give it up, Alligators were there first. I don't want to see any species wiped out.
1:NicholaiAlexandrovitch White privilege...Pull your pants up and go to work so your taxes can pay the way for those that won't work. Some privilege.
0:BaratinsaneObuma I blame George Bush for I inherited Alligators from the previous Republican administration. If the father had a AR-15 do you think the Alligator would have still taken the boy?
0:VivianLee @BaratinsaneObuma I don't think an AR has sufficient power to take out an alligator. I would suggest a .357
1:nrbznes Yep this wonderful President build this new closer than ever country. I listen to these blacks and see how the MAJORITY act and I have to tell you I'm surprised we have not already had a complete race war, but hey the summer has just started and it's suppose to be a scorcher.
1:nastyazzpelosi OLIVIA ST. CLAIR LONG, aka Brienne of Snarth is an attorney who is employed by Strauss & Malk LLP Chicago, IL. OLIVIA ST. CLAIR is a white female who recently married GIVONNA LONG a black female who also is an attorney and she is employed at a different law firm in the Chicago area. A little snooping on the web will shed some light on the issue of Brienne of Snarth hatred towards white males and her outrage towards "white privilege". Just a lost and twisted POS who probably grew up fatherless in a single parent home and now hates white men?
0:spike3468 @nastyazzpelosi Thank you for that info.
0:CaptainAmericana Just another nobody, a complete nothing.
0:BobFL46 They're animals anyway so let them lose their souls
0:JamieCerritos @BobFL46 I see you also enjoyed the book The Godfather!
1:rmartin Black people are far more racist than white people! And to make it worse the liberals of this country use them and help them be even more racist!
0:Gscott10 The father of the boy snatched by the gator is 1/2 black...duh Brienne
1:OAFU @Gscott10 Top half or bottom half......size matters.... Ask MS Obama, she unfortunately got the top half!
0:endpcinamerica This is clearly a racist comment, but since it is directed towards white men it is ok to print. I believe in Christ, but I am starting to believe some humans have evolved from primates
1:ozart @endpcinamerica What do you mean evolved? They stillare primates....
0:VivianLee @endpcinamerica Actually evolutionists are backing away from natural "evolving" and leaning towards selective breeding.
0:endpcinamerica Hey Brienne I am Proud as Ever to be White Man. Does that make me racist ?
0:OAFU @endpcinamerica I watch NASCAR and INDY, guess that makes me a race-ist
1:MarineAssassin Hey Brianne - get in the kitchen and make me a samich. Chop Chop
0:Piper65 @MarineAssassin ROFLMAO!!!! I just laughed so hard that I sprayed my keyboard with coffee. I was having a really crappy day, and then I read your post. Thank you for putting a smile on my face!!!
0:smaio @MarineAssassin That stuff is funny dont care who ya are
0:MarineAssassin White guilt is strong with grubers. HA HA
1:justmary I'm sure its getting some weird satisfaction in the attention this is garnering it. Maybe its parents ignored it. whatever, it's a creepy thing to say and speaks volumes about its own lack of intelligence, character and compassion. I feel sorry for it actually.
1:MarineAssassin @justmary In nature, it's parents would have killed it.
0:OAFU @justmary Her parents didn't have ANY kids that lived....
0:mylord What does the thing think about the little black boy that got into the gorilla cage??? Black privilege?
0:VivianLee @mylord She supported the gorilla.
1:Silvertiger27 This is what we're up against. Good to know our enemy. Only a small step from thinking like this to gas chambers.
1:BTOBY Feminist my foot, this person is a man. Not much of one but a man nevertheless. I don't know what his end game is but he's off his rocker.
1:riposte1111 The good news is that she won't be breeding...we hope.
1:Joe Methuen Feminism is cancer
0:synical5 I do not pay attention to anybody who uses "Anonymity" to cover their cowardly remarks. If you are going to blast somebody, use your name and Man/Girl up. Don't hide in Mommy's basement.
0:fyoozhuhn @synical5 so synical5 is your given name...
1:equinoxranch “Brienne of Snarth”, have the courage to crawl out from under the cess ridden rock you slither beneath and I promise you, I will show you what "white privilege" IS all about..............
0:philtbn007 There are others who stand with you, beside you, and as Soldiers, in Front Of You, against such social anarchary. People who would start up such hatred will destroy this country if allowed to, and Our Oath will not permit that. Now or ever...
1:LeviWood Can't Understand Normal Thinking
0:ozart @LeviWood Nice play on the acronym.....
1:CobyJ Feminist eat their own, what did u expect?
1:fatboyhd2k Too bad here parents didn't consider abortion
1:VivianLee @fatboyhd2k I think the parents had a failed abortion--only it's brain was aborted--the body stayed. That's why it's the way it is.
1:allriledup More proof that feminists are no fun. This one's also a racist.
0:greggebhardt Some people need to be "put down" for the sake of what humanity is left!
0:Carl Morris A rude, hateful comment from a feminist about the tragic death of a little boy?!! Noooo!!! What a shock.
0:JohnRader The woman appears to be living proof that God has a sense of humor.
1:RicoCopa Someone will dox the snarky Snarth. It's only a matter of time. Then it will be "later, gator" for her. That is, her anonymity will be eaten alive. Then see how brave she is. Compassion is to feminism as food is to stool.
0:jpgpro3 i blame the parents for this childs death putting him in a no swimming area of water when he could ave just went in the main pool where the water is heated instead of the lagoon which was cold
0:venytomate @jpgpro3 That and $5 will get you a cup of coffee. I blame you. You were not there...it's amazing how people like you always have an opinion and usually it's ill informed and wrong.
0:Steven1963 @venytomate @jpgpro3 The parents were 30 feet away from the child, it was their fault! His opinion isn't ill informed or wrong, it's spot on! You don't leave a 2 year old playing in water!
1:rickburgoon A gay transgender guy posing as a feminist with skin as white as alabaster and whose occupation is writing in 144 characters is considered influential because like 10,000 like minded white people find her/him/it fascinating....now THAT is white privileged because surely no black man or Hispanic man could ever pull this off U Go Gurl?Boy?It
1:girlscout @rickburgoon I thought it was a dude!
0:rickburgoon Can we help her overcome her white privilege...and toss her to a gator.
1:stimmy @rickburgoon I'll bet the gator likes white and dark meat.
1:riposte1111 @rickburgoon I agree...you know, the other thing is this: she is the leader of 11,000 who either woof, or agree, with all of this garbage. Doesn't that make her the founder of a hate group, and all of her followers members of a hate group? Last time I checked, if a white male posted these things and had such a following, certainly this would be considered hate speech, would it not?
1:OAFU @rickburgoon That would be unfair to the gator, unlike lions do after eating natives, gators are unable to lick their arises afterwards to get rid of the taste...
0:philtbn007 Refers to herself as a "Social Justice" activist, and then spouts THIS? WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND would follow this dim-wit?? Nobody, that's who...
0:jarhead7052 @philtbn007 10000 nobodys
1:toorotten No, 10000 Loose nuts off their meds!
1:randwolf13 Just another ugly leftist.
1:creatingfalserealitiesleadstoinsanity @randwolf13 True. Most leftists ,esp female leftists have a violent hatred towards pretty women.Gee, I wonder why?????
1:KhaosDominus First, lets get this straight: a white, gay male pretending to be a feminist "Brienne" making senseless, ignorant statements... and this is considered influential? Yes, lets blame this unfortunate act of natural selection on the pretense of white privilege. Because that makes complete sense, like most emotionally charged, poorly thought-out, shallow liberal ideas. The amount of hate spewed by these spiteful, mentally ill people is clear as crystal... yet so few have the courage to call them out for the fact that they are the only ones "hating" anything, being intolerant of everyone that doesn't agree with their personal point of view.
1:leftisrighthippy White privilege ...work all your life to take care of people who dont work ....
